{'review': 'The ride went well. I had very little contact with the service. The buses leave punctually. Am satisfied', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Very cheap, comfortable, punctual. Unfortunately, no more soap on the toilet and the hand dryer did not work. For a star deduction.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Everything without any special problems umd circumstances. Very friendly staff.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Real nice, cheap and good bus. Was pleasant ride', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Once again, a FlixBus ride is behind me from Munich to Freiburg and again I felt the ride as pleasant and entertaining. Although the bus was actually fully occupied, I was lucky, both back and forth over longer distances 2 seats for me have, which is always very nice. But if you have a seat neighbor, you can with a small handle the seat to the corridor slightly outwards, so that the distance to the neighbors is slightly larger. The driver was friendly and competent. The route from Lake Constance and then over the Black Forest is always beautiful and varied. Departure and arrival times were largely punctual. All in all, a ride on the FlixBus can be enjoyed, as long as you do not necessarily want to criticize something.FlixBus is for me a company that I can recommend at any time.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'You should think beforehand when you want to go otherwise fall to cancellation fees if you want to change the departure time ..', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'If the on-board toilet had been better in this condition as well as the environment in this area, then I would have given a top rating with 5 stars, because otherwise, everything had been to my highest satisfaction. A very friendly and helpful driver, with clear and understandable announcements about the route and the expected arrival times of all stations.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Am from Berlin to Regensburg 6 hours TOP as I had but from Regensburg to Berlin on the same day it was a huge detour of 11 hours over Prague and that was the best route I think a pity', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Pleasant, inexpensive travel, CO2-neutral, even bike transport in the whole without bike bag, break management. Driving time requirements and entry logistics still in need of improvement.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'My first ride on a long-distance bus. I had chosen it because it was by far the cheapest option, relatively short notice (booking about 2 weeks before) to come to Paris. The bus was very punctual, the drivers friendly. The seats were reasonably comfortable for a more than 8-hour drive (take pillows!). Reckless fellow travelers were exhausting - noisy conversations and phone calls in the middle of the night do not have to be real. For snoring you can not do anything, but for the neighbors it is of course really disturbing. Fortunately, I had Ohropax here. Positive, I found that there were not too many stops on the route Münster-Paris. In summary: Probably not the easiest way to travel, but cheap. I would book again Flixbus, if it is much cheaper than a flight or train ride.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Prima ride only the bus could be cleaner inside', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Excellent! Comfortable, safe, polite and punctual!', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Very competent customer service which is customer-oriented and has issued us a voucher for a replacement trip without discussion, as missed our bus. Drive was very pleasant. Unfortunately the internet was exhausted for us after only a short time and some streaming sites are blocked.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Gladly again', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'All in all, a good alternative to the train. Punctuality worked on this night trip. That this is not always so, must be clear. The price advantage is clearly in Flixbus.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Punctuality is perfect. In the ride Berlin-Szczecin drivers can only Polish. The outlet in my place did not work', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Ick was pleased and amazed at the short-term journey with comfortable booking system and the really good price range. What could the Internet with the flixbus Wi-Fi could be improved so you could use WhatsApp with your smartphone. Would have had more fun while driving if I could have chatted.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Booking and selection worked well. Unfortunately, payment via smartphone did not work until the tenth attempt. The charge was not accepted. Cause is unknown to me. I dnan ditched on Paypal.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'This time only because of congestion 1.5 hours late! The drivers could be more friendly in part. The USB port in the backrest did not work. On the whole, the return trip was relaxed.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Bus was comfortable, clean and equipped with USB plug. Drivers were friendly and multilingual. Ride was quiet, a little late, because we have placed on request extra Pipipause. Connection bus in Prague was also delayed, but you have to expect a bus from Berlin or Hamburg. The Flixbus SMS service has always kept me up to date. I had to rebook this trip in advance, that was excellent. Flexibus can be recommended.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': "If unforeseen things happen (in my case, a motorway detour with large-scale detour), the driver should immediately inform the travelers so that everyone can react accordingly ... I'll go back, that's clear ... ...", 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Price-performance tiptop! Punctuality could be better. Wi-Fi was password protected, do not know where to get the password otherwise.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'On time, convenient and cheap. Empty during the week during the week. Air a bit tired at the start of the journey.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Very nice bus staff, everything was clean and tidy, very punctual. Only the counter staff was very unfriendly too others.8045432481', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'If I had known more about flixbus before, I would have ridden more often. Please, advertise more', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Everything was to my satisfaction except for the late departure in Frankfurt', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'The only negative point was the delay. Everything else great. V. A. Super friendly bus driver!', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': "I drove from Munich to Budapest. About 7.5 hours. I'm happy with my ride in the Flixbus. On the one hand, the seats were very comfortable, it was quiet on the bus and very clean. There were garbage bags available for the disposal of garbage as understood. These things should be presupposed for a bus ride in a middle class company. I was very enthusiastic at the beginning of the ride, as I had read on the internet that there was free Wi-Fi and in addition to enough power outlets with which I could enjoy a relaxed ride. What I did not realize was that you only have 150 megabytes of data available for the entire trip. How should that please rich? Nice and good free Wi-Fi but 150Mb? That's ridiculous. This is clearly more", 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'The trips with FlixBus were always pleasant and relaxing. Due to congestion and construction sites, delays can occur quickly, so you should always plan a little time to change, but in my opinion that is absolutely understandable. FlixBus is a company with unbeatable prices and I recommend anyone to use it! Why So only 4 stars? : There were problems with my last bookings when buying the ticket over the Internet - only via PayPal I could book my trips and the process was confusing. Unfortunately, the Internet did not work so well either - on one trip I had hardly any problems, with another I was not able to log in to the wifi ... there could still be improvement. Conclusion: All in all, FlixBus is one good, trustworthy company that makes it possible for everyone, even with little money, to travel!', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Despite a heavy puncture at full speed, a very level-headed, unflawing driver who kept the passengers up to date and cool. The check-in and check-out is simple and uncomplicated, as well as any cancellations; The low cancellation fee is commendable! The toilet was unfortunately on the way and unfortunately only limited usable. Fan and light over the seat were unfortunately functionless.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'I would go back with the Flixbusses anytime, they were very pleasant and the tour did not cause any problems. Despite minor delays the travel time was completely acceptable and without complaint. Unfortunately, we had caught a row of seats in the socket was clamped for us, which was not so enjoyable. And the toilets could be more functional and less fragrant .... Still had a great ride and gladly again!', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Good fluid driving. Bus left 10 minutes later and had a delay at the destination of about 25 Minuten.Busfahrer drove well, friendliness was different. Passengers were included in almost every stop in service tasks. That the garbage should be properly disposed of, yes I understand.But the threat if someone in the city uses the toilet keeps the bus until the toilet is free again, I think dreist.Desweiteren the guests were by announcement at almost every stop very directly " asked "to turn off the reading lights - to fold down the armrests - to push the seats together - to upright the seats - to fold up the footrests - to raise the curtains - to put the curtains in the bracketsMy opinion are the service tasks which the bus company should undertake (Except for the garbage disposal Naturally).', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'everything good except toilets', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': '35 minutes late at the departure point (Dreden) but timely informed by SMS. Nevertheless arrived in Budapest almost on time. Definitely recommendable, I will use Flixbus again.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'My complaint is actually only the smell in my place, where I thought that was something wrong with the venting of the toilet.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'clean, professional', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Booking platform error-prone. Driver at the start unfriendly and cumbersome. Otherwise under the current conditions (storm Xavier) ok.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'The alternative to the train. Inexpensive arrive directly.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'My telephone inquiries were always very friendly. However, it is not known to all, where you can book a ticket in Magdeburg.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'The bus ride we liked. We arrived on time and the bus was modern and clean. Negative was sorry that we booked as a couple, but could not sit next to each other.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'The ride was very pleasant and the tour guides / drivers were also very friendly. However, the bus was at the wrong stop, so I probably missed the ride. So pay attention to your environment. Everything else top.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Very good. I think it is a very good and cheap offer.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Cheap alternative to the car, train or plane. However, compliance with the arrival time is very dependent on the traffic situation (traffic jams, police and border controls). Therefore, the specified time of arrival is not necessarily reliable.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Safe, comfortable ride, if there were drinks and announcements, it would be a 5 star rating.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'We were very satisfied', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'If you are a woman with heavy luggage, then you must ask someone for help with inviting, because the driver does nothing. He only scans the bookings and drives.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': "Everything good, punctuality not always guaranteed. But that's the same for every car driver, high traffic, then traffic jam - not calculable. But I know before and calculate that!", 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Very good ride on time and very pleasant.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Great and cheap way to travel', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Bus came 35min too late and you were not informed. Price / performance however top', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Ride was pleasant, went fast and was problem-free. Only the guy at the Check-Inn in Vienna-Erdberg would like to go to a course "How do I handle freubdlich with customers".', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'It was quiet and air conditioned in the bus - WC available. There was a possibility for a break. Delay total 30 minutes', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Good service, easy booking but late was annoying', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'A little late arrival, nice staff', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Unfortunately, there was no information about my connection, I had to ask other lines / bus drivers, because the switch in Cologne / Bonn already had (20 clock). Could, however, ride on another line that drove the same connection. Bus drivers were very friendly and helpful.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Price - performance unbeatable, pleasant ride, a little legroom (1.94m height)', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Unfortunately with some delay in the early morning, but properly driven, clean bus, everything was okay for a great price.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Simple, uncomplicated, punctual, only internet access did not work. But I will definitely travel with Flixbus again', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'No complaints about the bus was very comfortable and the bus drivers were very polite. Telephone communication with the colleague was not so easy, because she did not understand German, but she was very helpful and polite.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'It was a pleasant journey and on time to the minute. Only with me not working WLAN prevent a five-star rating.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Definitely worth the drive with the Flixbus. The bus drivers could be a bit friendlier to the passengers.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'The bus was very clean and the bus drivers very friendly, so the ride was pleasant. The German bus drivers have always explained after each stop where the toilet is in the bus, you can buy snacks at the front, etc. and always in German and English. The fact that almost everyone had two seats for themselves, was also enough space. It was also good that always two seats have a power outlet. In addition, there was even Wi-Fi which of course is very beneficial. What I personally did not like so well, was that there was no toilet break on the way at 4 hours drive and you could only on the small toilet in the bus. What was also a big plus is that the trip with the flixbus only half as much as by train and for me personally was also more pleasant, since you did not have to pay attention to whether a place is reserved or not or that you had to constantly make room for other people and more space than in the train you had. Of course, it often takes longer, but I think that can be accepted.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'I would travel with Flixbus again, but I would want his cleaner toilet.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'I had problems with the booking (several "unknown error" occurred). At about 10th attempt, it still worked :-) The settlement before and during the bus ride then worked perfectly!', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Inexpensive alternative to the train', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Courteous humorous bus driver and clean bus', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'On the whole, I was very happy with the ride! Good price and a pleasant atmosphere. But still a bit Whack.Da but I drove from Rijeka to Vienna, the ride was very long and I noticed a few unpleasant things. I hardly slept in the night before the ride and was not showering why I had a slightly unpleasant body odor. Once when I wanted to get off the bus, I fell down the stairs and unintentionally kicked a girl. My neighbor, a very nice girl who had sweetened my ride a bit, wanted to play with me "city, country, river", but I was really bad. Most of the time I had to drive, and although I\'m a pretty talkative person, I play "Silent Fir" and just be quiet as the other passengers wanted to enjoy a quiet ride. There was also the problem that although each seat a reading light was provided, but my fault was. Soon my phone had no battery and of course my charging cable gave up the ghost during the bus ride. The bus was about half an hour late because we stood on the A1 in a traffic jam. At the beginning of the ride I wanted to sleep, because I had the same as I said the night before little sleep. Unfortunately, we were on a fairly winding track at that time and every time I nodded I almost fell into the hall at every turn, as I regretfully did not get a window seat. Still, I could enjoy the wonderful view as my neighbor, who has been climbing my bag all the time, slept most of the time and gave me an excellent view out the window. Very pleasant was the fact that you could adjust the seats to a comfortable location. My travel companion Leo, however, enjoyed sitting alone and claiming two seats for himself. He curled up and fell asleep as sweet as a honeybee in a chocolate coat on the two seats. When he awoke he massaged my head, which I also liked very much. Since the ride was very long made our sympathetic bus driver in regular sections 15min break time. It was a very pleasant, a bit chaotic ride and I would go with FlixBus again and again, only I find train driving just geiler.Lg Felicitas', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'I was very satisfied and travel the next day with you again ☺', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Super punctual and really good value for money! Was not really clean, so 4 *', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Cheap prices, pleasant ride, how do you do that? Request for more transparency v.a. As far as the pay of your driver is concerned. Correction to the previous (internal?) rating: I am referring to the journey from Berlin to Mannheim. There was only an unpleasant surprise with a bus driver FROM Berlin DIRECTION Mannheim. He asked a barely German-speaking woman to throw away her (only) food, although she could have eaten it during the break outside the bus. He allowed others to grant. On the return trip was on the last piece in the direction of Berlin the same bus driver. There he was pleasant and has us despite the traffic jam brought to Berlin. Great recommendation! Thank you and best regards!', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'OK, it is cheap. Clean toilets more often for women. Internet is not good. There should be drinks', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': "I find it a joke that none of the gentlemen is able to put women's suitcases in the hold. On the contrary, both men make fun of how I helped ladies to put the suitcase in the hold. One of the gentlemen then knocked on my shoulder. I find a bottomless impudence on all rides so been.", 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Great run from the downhill to the finish, great performance of the drivers', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Very good price / performance ratio and good punctuality. Easy-to-use online booking system. The boarding was a bit chaotic, which m.E. justified in the free seat choice (and everyone always wants to get the best seat). Here would be an approach system with space reservation (polling station for a surcharge or random space allocation), as usual with airlines, probably remedy. Otherwise highly recommended travel agent - even for longer distances.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Everything was fine.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'The back row in the bus was covered with blankets from sleeping and blocked, as the bus was almost full, only one place left, these places were cleared by drivers.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Rides are cheap, there are rarely delays, much less stress than train or flight, usually. It is quiet in the bus and the drivers are usually okay. The only drawback are the toilets. Public toilets are generally not great, but especially if you drive for several hours, you have to go from time to time. And the toilets, which I was allowed to visit so far were just under all S **. I tell you, you should be able to expect toilet paper, soap and functioning hand dryers, but unfortunately this is often not the case. In addition, they are simply unspeakably dirty. This can be done better.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'A very good alternative to the train', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Everything OK, toilet could be cleaner, but gladly again.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'On the whole, very good, which only bothered me is that some passengers left a lot of garbage and the subsequent passenger then has the garbage in front of him.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Please allow the elderly and children first to enter the buses. It can quickly get scary with the masses of people. A stricter line of people do not make the scramble so degenerate. Otherwise everything is fine!', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': "Everything is okay. Unfortunately, neither a LOGIN for Wi-Fi offered nor EAT and DRINKS. The ride was carried out with FlixBus ITALIA. From Basel to Strasbourg - unfortunately there was a STOP of 20 minutes in Freiburg / D in my reservation / choice NOT DISPLAYED. So we drove ALL the time by D and not by F ... I would have preferred a DIRECT BUS by F WITHOUT UNSORTED Z-STOP. BUT ANOTHER WAS AS SAID ALL OK - The bus driver drove GOOD and rather 'a bit too slow'! We were thus 10 minutes late - although there were several times after FREIBURG ...", 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'I was very satisfied with the trip from Leipzig to Dusseldorf, especially the price of 19,00 €. Although the bus arrived in Leipzig with a little delay, he was over punctually in Dusseldorf.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Really recommended!', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'The bus ride was very good with smaller reductions!', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Rides well, bus mostly too cold and driver very unreasonable and do not go to the wishes of the guests.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Good and fast ride. Unfortunately without toilet and WLAN', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Cheap, effective and clean. Unfortunately, the internet is often too close.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'The ride worked flawlessly and I arrived on time. However, it was not possible to use the W-LAN during the entire journey.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'You are not considered as a family when boarding. The bus drives forward, the doors open and everyone storms into the bus, throwing jackets and small bags on the seats to make room for them. The bus drivers just watch and as a family with 2 large suitcases and a stroller you stand there stupid. If a man had not offered us a seat, we would not even be able to sit side by side with our 3-year-old daughter.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'The entry point (exit towards Vienna or Zagreb) in Prague could be marked a bit better (it can be reached on the other side of the street, but only through the underpass and only very small on the additional signs of the bus-boards) - almost all customers are "on Search "...', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'I would like to give 5 stars, however, 1 out of 4 bus drivers were a bit rude and also 1 of 4 drivers had a bad driving style', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Until this time always punctual and safe.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Price performance fits in any case! It all works out very well just stop you have to consider how long you have to sit in a bus and everyone knows how much space in a bus are available', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Price and service great, unfortunately no Wi-Fi on the way', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Everything great. Only wlan displayed. Was not a problem.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'You would need to know the Flix bus. Good trip, unfortunately delay and lack of charging for electrical appliances. No indication of Wi-Fi Air conditioning-good, bus clean, hotline very good. Explanation of the stop and awareness in the place not given.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Despite delays a pleasant journey.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'A cheap alternative to the train, but the bus driver unfortunately had a bad day that he probably missed the mood. The service worked out wonderfully even a short-term rebooking easily and without problems was well possible.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'That was a good trip. Unfortunately, the connection bus was delayed by one hour.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Practical, reasonably priced travel option.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Very good value for money! The frequently asked questions should be read, because otherwise you could get important information too late: for example, that you have to take a child seat for a three-year-old child. When rebooking you should before a transaction the whole page to study. There is only the possibility to cancel everything individually or the entire booking. Here you must note that the price can now be higher, or that a voucher is left over, because you can only use one voucher at a time. It should also be noted that you can not rebook on the app for free or at all. Very handy and innovative is the digital check-in with the code on the phone :-)', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Punctuality in the academic district, bus noise pretty loud, everything else fine.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': "The first time with Flixbus traveled and was skeptical, but the booking and check in on the bus proved to be easy and also the 5 hour drive went by quickly in the comfortable and well air conditioned bus. Amazing how many Flixbusse on Germany's highways are traveling.", 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'The ride itself, the bus, the driver, the service and the cleanliness were objectionable! Unfortunately, the Wi-Fi was reduced to 150 mb, but when booking this is suggested otherwise. Too bad.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Just past the 5th star, a total TOP PERFORMANCE based on the price! Keep it up! Frank Rautenberg', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Care during a flat tire left a lot to be desired. About 5 hours on the highway spent, no real info or various information as it continues now. One had the feeling that such a mishap chaos in the central triggers. Bus drivers spoke bad German. Calls sides of the central or the service, had to be taken over by the passengers. Arrival should have been 12.50 pm. 17.20 it went on finally 1 day holiday gone', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Good connection, punctual, reasonably priced, thoroughly recommended', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Actually everything was great, only too many Zusteig possibilities. This was a ride that would be done in 3 hours unfortunately twice as long. Otherwise everything TOP !!!!', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Stop in Insbruck was poorly described. New customers are not informed.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Bus arrived too late Bus was already out of the way before departure could not cost more with travel double and 1 day more aufenthlat.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': "I'm pretty satisfied. Unfortunately, not all stops are reasonable. Frankfurt am Main is terrible for example.", 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Everything good, except that the station Frankfurt for a bus station very unfashionably equipped. : no toilet, no kiosk, no cafe.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Nice driver, safe ride, but fixing the bike on the trailer was not really gentle on the frame, the frame is now a small dent!', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'It was a quick and easy way to get to the desired destination. I will always do it again. I would have given 5 stars if the bus was not that old and constant rattling sounds just bothered me. I was traveling for 2 hours and could stand it, but if you drive 6 to 7 hours and have to endure, it will be difficult for me. Personally, I would be willing to pay a little more so bus company can often change buses.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Ride Bern-München-BernTotal good experience. Potential for improvement: - More generous time planning (eg evening traffic around urban centers such as Zurich, border controls) so that arrival times and breaks can be met. Larger tables, at least in the Setra bus I use: even a mini notebook (12 inches) did not fit - Snack sale - Night driving "Wake-up service" (as in the night train, for example by means of seat-mounted signs or a seating plan with the drivers) for people who get off at night.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Toilet was ... Do not think about it, otherwise I would sway! Outlets were on round trip (the same bus) broken. Everything else was good', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'On time, clean and friendly staff', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'A good alternative to the train. But remember, when the streets are full, the bus can not fly. There is no use in moaning and moaning. I like driving safely again with the FlixBus.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': "Everything ok, According to bus driver, the bus driver received no training for the bus, because he never drove this bus model, that's bad because the bus driver then can not optimally drive the bus ... Urgent repair!", 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Arrived punctually although we left with 10 min. Delay. Nice bus driver who drove very well and safely. Unfortunately, I did not always know where I was holding the bus or how long the bus would be there. But I will certainly go back.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Except for the non-functioning Internet good. Driver knows what he is doing and friendly.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': '1 hour delay on the departure was very unfortunate, since in Munich already evening program was planned. Unfortunately, on the return trip on 7/7/17 (5:15 pm) there was also a delay of 35 minutes. Otherwise very satisfied with Flixbus', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Good transport for little money !!', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': "I'm sorry that I have to give vent to my frustration ... I'm actually a passionate Flixbus customer, but still it annoys very much if without warning in a spare bus is plugged without power options, if you need them so much .. One pays for the expected service and is then simply faced with fait accompli, I think that's a pity! Otherwise you are always so great, but it would be nice if the spare bus would at least be equipped with a usb electricity option ...", 'stars': '4'}
{'review': "The ride was super enjoyable. We drove from the airport Berlin-Tegel to Leipzig. The bus arrived on time and the bus driver drove neatly. We arrived punctually in Leipzig. The luggage space could be improved a bit (but that is complain at a high level). However, full or empty bottles / cans should not be next to the baggage. Our case was messed up - too bad. We're going back, though. Is a super cheap alternative to the train.", 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Pleasant traveling at a low price. In my bus (Schwechat - Graz) some USB ports were broken. Streaming was not possible due to speed and / or blocked pages (Youtube, Deezer). Toilet flush was broken. Crumbs on some seats.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Price-performance ratio is ok if timely booking. Due to the extremely tight time limit, the driver is not possible to catch up on a delay.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Fast and uncomplicated booking process, the bus arrived on time in Verona, the boarding took a bit, but not the staff but one of the guests. The idea with the QR code is great, so you can have your tickets with you on your smartphone, and the danger of forgetting them is lower. Super dear bus driver with impeccable handling. It was not a single dangerous situation and I felt the 8 hours drive through always safe. It was not driven too fast, curves were not taken too steep and never abruptly braked. Wonderful ! The only drawback was the toilet, which after the half of the ride for me personally virtually was no longer walkable. This is not the fault of Flixbus, but of the other guests. Had there been a second rest stop in which one could have avoided the toilet, I would have given five stars! :) All in all, I am very satisfied. We had to go through an hour of police control, but we arrived 15 minutes late so I could easily get my connection bus. Gladly again. Flixbus is for me the best alternative to the car and beats the Deutsche Bahn in the price-performance ratio to worlds.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'A trip with Fllixbus is a good start to your upcoming vacation. I can only recommend.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'The journey went smoothly, the boarding and disembarking process quickly. Instead of the planned 2 3/4 hours we were almost 30 minutes rather wait despite waiting at the border. Unpleasant I found the bad air in the bus and the fact that the staff invariably all customers. Even the younger people were involved.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'I was satisfied for the first time.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Due to the longer distances the Flixbus rides performs it may already be late - yes where not at some 100 km! The traveling audience at night a ride pleasant or not - constant talkers at night are a nuisance - here the bus should speak a word of power - if they would speak a corresponding language (D, E). Otherwise until now peacefully.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Unbeatable alternative to Bahnfahrten.Super simple and simple booking system. Many ways to pay the tickets. Very clear app. Good notification of delays. Consistent expansion of the line networkThe only problem for which the operator is unable to do anything is the delay, the delay caused by the occurrence of a traffic jam.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'good driving comfort, pleasant journey', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'In the meantime one gets the feeling, here the market position is exploited. With the disappearance of the competitors Flixbus has decreased a lot. Punctuality and unreliability have increased, service has deteriorated. There is clearly no competition. The prices are still moderate and the rides and buses are not to complain about. It is and remains an alternative to the train or car.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Our first trip with FlixBus, but not the last. Our journey in St. Gallen began with a delay of 20 minutes, which we were previously informed via email. The delay was overtaken by Munich. The whole ride was very pleasant and at any time we felt very safe thanks to the forward-looking drive of our driver. The passenger cabin and especially the toilet were extremely clean, which surprised us very positively. The seating comfort with the generous legroom and the side-shifting seats leaves nothing to be desired. Also the functioning WLAN was not missing which I did not use however much. We will certainly continue to use FlixBus on the basis of our experience.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Very good and cheap alternative to cars and trains for long-distance travel', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'I have been very happy with flixbus I can only recommend it to anyone who has time and is in no hurry we had a delay on the trip from Berlin to Vienna and back but also the company can not help it if there is a sudden traffic jam. On the whole, I am very satisfied because the price performance ratio is really correct back and forth 49 euros but if you are in a hurry I would change to the train because they are faster then so just do not take as long but you have to pay more if you do travel by train. Friendly staff what you could still work on the staff could speak German even better and vlt at the toilets.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Cheap and on time. I went with PolskiBus, although I booked with Flixbus, there was no information on the flixbus side, that you can reserve seats and in the bus no information which seats are occupied and which are still free and thus I should implement 4 times, which is very annoying. There is little leg space. If you want to save money then you just have to take a few inconveniences.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Very good mobility of existing buses. Easy booking via the Internet or smartphone. (even I, as an old sack, got along well!) Mostly there are several options or lines for a trip, it can also be booked a trip with several lines.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Cheap travel with little service. For example, the trip from Zurich to Karlsruhe is regularly available for only 15 euros. Unfortunately, there are no fixed departure platforms at most bus stations, so you have to keep an eye on the entire bus station at departure time. Unfortunately, the Flixbus app does not provide any course history with a delay indication, as is the case in the DB Navigator. Information is also scarce in the bus station. For luggage in the trunk there is unfortunately no protection by means of luggage brands.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Only the punctuality suboptimal air conditioning very cold', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Relaxed and quickly reached the destination', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'after some solved problems of flixbuss I delete my contribution of course and am pleased with the courses that have since become apparent, we continue to use the flixbus even if it does not come to the DB of convenience.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'The following points must be improved: - Courtesy of the staff-German language you should already (just the driver on the route to Amsterdam, Amsterdam, always not understand what you want from them or understand everything wrong) - cleanliness of the toilets (sometimes if there are no rolls, then the floor or the faucet sticks) - Delays of the buses just for working stressfulI drive every Friday and every Monday from Osnabrück to Hanover and back. Driving on Mondays at 08:00 clock with the N67 always annoying me because I know exactly what to expect, namely only trouble. Unfortunately I have to take this bus because otherwise I will not get to work on time.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'I like to take the night line for the long journeys, such as from KA / HD to HH / KI. However, it has been a disgrace on this trip, that no break for the passengers has been inserted to briefly represent the legs. Back went it with the IC directly to HD for a low price, about 10 ¬ more expensive than Flixbus', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'If the cooling had been better, it would have been a perfect ride.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'The ride went with a change in Paris from Frankfurt to Le Havre. On time, clean and correct. Everything was great.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Only good experiences so far. + Punctuality + Friendliness of the driver + Good equipment + Comfort- no space reservations possible- Air conditioning (on very warm days) has too little power', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Real alternative to train, car, Blabla or similar! 2 trips made so far, the one very relaxing, as few travelers on the bus, the other was more uncomfortable, but also night drive and fully booked. It is your own fault, and you can also reckon with it. Gladly again, except night drive! Great prices also for early booking, as with me ...', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': "I do not know what you could do better because late was due to traffic and the customer came too late. I think it's class for the money so pleasant to travel. If I drive myself it costs twice and is not so relaxed", 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'I will always go with the Flixbus.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'I am stunned to find out that many reviews are always about 2 problems.1.-the pauses-2.the driver.The reason for my answer is the following-if I read the negative but also the positive remarks of "Carlos", I think it\'s a joke to address all with "DU", this was indeed also by some guests already criticized, a little decency would be appropriate. We have been several times with the bus, in the beginning everything was great, but we still consider, for the following reason, as already mentioned, the journey times to break are too long, 5 hours was also our experience, where is there the safety for guests and also for the driver? We drove from the central bus station to Ingolstadt and have always felt safe, but on the last ride just not-vllt. could there be an improvement.Thank you and continue satisfied guests and friendly drivers.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': "Always nice drivers and Wi-Fi has always worked well. So if I had Wi-Fi in the IC like Flixbus, I'd go more often. Since the bus clearly has the edge!", 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Very friendly driver', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'The buses are clean and the bus drivers make a good impression, but unfortunately there is not the promised free WiFi in all buses. I had 40 minutes late on the return trip, but these were well announced by SMS in advance. Overall, especially considering the cheap price.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Just nice', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Top coaches, very clean, absolutely punctual, everything was great', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Fast, good, cheap', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Smooth running. A little late departure. Arrival unfortunately later than planned. Clean toilet and clean bus. So happy again!', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Clean bus, nice service unfortunately Internet connection via Wi-Fi not possible', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Price achievement is true, really great', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'I rode the FlixBus for the first time and will do it again. Good and inexpensive alternative to train travel.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'All in all good to very good, little things can be improved. More data volume in the WLAN e.g.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'If my future long-distance bus travel also checks, at each entry and exit point, whether everyone also takes only their luggage, I would award 5 stars. I hold the fact that all travelers have access to all luggage, uncontrolled, for a security hole! The Postbus company has given suitcase labels right at the entrance, for identification purposes and the luggage was checked out by a member of staff, as much time should be. Then I would travel more relaxed with Flixbus.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Overall, I was quite satisfied, the comfort I would appreciate higher than expected. However, it was good that I had no time pressure, otherwise I would have had a problem. Why the bus had to leave already 30 minutes late is not clear to me. For further delay the company does not blame! These were traffic jams', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'To recommend', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Cheap travel alternative with minor weaknesses in the service on site, at least outside Germany.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Advantages Flixbus1.Cheap tickets before booking ☆☆☆☆☆ 2.Bus is always neat Clean ☆☆☆☆☆ 3. Pleasant wool feeling in the bus ☆☆☆☆☆ 4. free Wlan 5. plug in the bus 6. SMS per Handy if it comes to delay 7.tickets buy online and scan by smartphone while drivers to Disadvantage 1.It can occur more often that the bus delay is usually after my experience up to 2 hours even without a mobile notification per.sms ☆ .Wlan slow or is not enough to stream ☆☆☆ 3.Not every bus has sockets ☆☆☆ When buying online, I am asked if I want to create a customer account because there are problems this memory ☆ Flixbus generally Recommended ☆☆☆☆', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Super drives, unfortunately 30min delay, but that is still in the frame :) bus driver was great! Fast and safe she drove us to the destination !!', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'It is a convenient and very cheap alternative to the DB, but the journey times could be shorter. All in all, the price-performance ratio is ok.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Flixbus finally seems to have managed to offer nationwide WLAN. Of course some services are blocked: clipfish e.g. can not be called from the bus Wlan. The sockets have all worked, the seats were clean (which does not work so well with the windows) and the drivers are more rested compared to just a few more years. Straight on medium distances (1-3 hours), Flixbus is a great alternative to Train. It quickly becomes a bit more uncomfortable because the freedom of movement in the bus is of course more limited than in the train. Comfortable clothing and getting off during breaks provide a remedy. The air is much more pleasant than on the train: it will come as no surprise that the ventilation in the Flixbus is better than that of regional trains. But even ICs have a much drier room climate and odors are quickly in the air - a minute ago, the lady behind me in the Flixbus used a deodorant, and you can barely smell it:) The background noise is quieter than in the train; There are no popping sliding doors with missing gasket.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Transport was super fast, buses very comfortable. 1 point deduction because bus was canceled in advance and rebooked to a worse stop. Only after 2 times Urgenz we were rebooked to the right stop.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'The ticket control and baggage take-over could be even better organized (twice crowds)', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Driver top bus in a rather old condition, seats / comfort well ... toilet without lighting? ! Flashlight in the door ?!', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Very relaxed travel, without stress from A to B come. Always happy.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Gladly again with Flix bus. Cheap and good.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Everything good except for the 150mb data limit for wireless internet. That is ridiculously little.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'on the way to Berlin there is no objection from me, was a very nice before coming driver friendly, what the return trip concerns just the opposite .. Unaufudlichkeit the driver. Does not understand Deutsch.Fahrverhalten the driver impossible (overhauled in overtaking prohibition) makes no announcements whether a break is inserted, telephone while driving', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Everything worked wonderfully and smoothly. Also changes were timely mitgegeilt by mail.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Cheap, punctual, comfortable. A good alternative to travel. Wi-Fi and communication with the passengers could be better. Otherwise really recommendable.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'OK. Everything was fine', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'The ride was overall convincingly good, for less ambient noise a general telephony ban would be desirable. The seats were, despite long-range character of the bus, relatively hard.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'It helps the users as much as the vendors! Keep it quiet :)', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Under given and not to be influenced circumstances (traffic, street situations and weather) everything was absolutely fine, the ride pleasantly stress-free.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Unfortunately, the toilet was not clean, otherwise the ride was OK. I take the long journey times for the low price in purchasing.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'I am very pleased.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'the bus was on time for the minute at the destination. Unfortunately, the toilet was broken. It was a break in a parking lot.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Return on 02.05 17.15 clock 40 minutes late, but the scheduled time in the timetable was correct, how come this. ?', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Too bad. that this time it started so "late". Safe traffic jam on the route from Dresden to Berlin. Then it went through very well to Rostock.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'I drove from Dusseldorf to Hamburg. There was no FlixBus for this trip but an older coach, so there was no Wi-Fi or sockets. The driver only had two USB ports in front. It was 8 minutes late at departure in Dusseldorf, but that was because it was really very crowded on the streets and at the bus stop. There was no delay message - it is also advertised. The ride was very relaxed. The driver was unbelievably friendly, he was well understood even though he did not come from Germany, he always kept you up to date and constantly said that you can use the USB ports with him to charge his cell phone or tablet. Also his driving style was great, you felt really safe. He had to take a break of 45 minutes and refuel once, which is why we finally got an hour late with the arrival in Hamburg (we did not get stuck in traffic). For me it was not clear whether the breaks were included in the FlixBus app or not (at the stop and time overview). A big compliment to the driver! Unfortunately, FlixBus advertises with a service that is not available everywhere. This is a pity.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'I was very happy with my trip and would book it again anytime :)', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'If not the 45 min. Would have been late, then I would like to have given 5 stars.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Everything was great, except for Wi-Fi', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Darmstadt to Berlin. Bus arrived on time Bus driver was very friendly. He helped me get out twice when he saw that I was having trouble walking. On sen luggage one should look at the intermediate times. Since was not controlled, who takes what. Wi-Fi was great. There was a lot of leg room. There were no coffee or snacks. Bus timetable is very ambitious. We were 70 minutes late with 2 small traffic jams. Interim by the bus driver would have been good. All in all but for this price a great thing.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Yes you can drive with this FlixBus it is cheaper than by train. is just awesome to be awake what the bus driver says you could miss it if you hear headphones (a signal lamp flashing permanently) would be good.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Way too long driving times, but very nice and helpful drivers.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'First ride with FlixBus. Drove in the night. The ride was pleasant.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'The ticket booking is not that easy on the way, because the question arises, how to pay online, if you do not have the TAN generator with you. Vending machines or a cash payment on the bus would be a possible solution to this problem. I came back as a solution to my railway problem because I was unable to pay on the way.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'We initially found the booking fairly simple on the internet and also very cheap, you can not complain. The bus drivers in Berlin were very friendly and easy to reach the bus station. The ride itself was very pleasant and a long break is enough for such a "short" trip from Berlin to Munich also completely. Here and there a few little things but otherwise totally great!', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': "I'm happy with the ride.", 'stars': '4'}
{'review': "Convenient, simple, direct, inexpensive. Teenagers can easily travel alone. Unfortunately it's already 50 minutes late from the start, but that can happen to anyone on the road ...", 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'The rides have been pretty good in general so far. Improvement is of course still in there, since things like smoking in front of the bus can occur with open doors, for me it is an absolute no-go as an allergic person. Despite everything, the trips were mostly relaxed, which is due to the often nice bus drivers. Also, you were relatively punctual on the self-selected target, but this is due to the high speeds. The conclusion is that it is a good alternative to the train and the car. The value for money is good, but you should book early if you want to preserve this. Because as you say: "The early bird catches the worm."', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Almost everything was good, bus was over punctual and driver ok. Unfortunately the bus was dirty and the belt was broken.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'On the whole, ok and acceptable. For safety reasons take toilet paper and a power bank for electronic devices. It was my first ride on the Flixbus. Would ride again!', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'I think the price-performance ratio is good. New buses are wonderful. Toilet use would be good, without restriction. The punctuality is almost right, that is in the traffic already very good. A coffee or a drink would be good too. One does not dare to address the driver (while driving).', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Punctuality: Ok, + 10minBusfahrer & Security: Announcements are often missing Comfort & Facilities: Very good, Wi-Fi is not always', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Pleasant ride at a low price', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'On long trips (15 hours) but a little exhausting. The hygiene is not so great Top solved (Lack of space on the toilet)', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Very good bus service. ... it can be better .....', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'I will definitely travel again with Flixbus to Leipzig. It is just a shame that on Tuesdays and Wednesdays no bus stops in Quedlinburg. I had to go back home by train. But that was not a problem. The fare is unbeatable. By car it is not cheaper.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': '... and next time the WLAN works again - full score', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'The express line is recommended and offers a real alternative to other travel options. In my case, it was also the cheapest way to travel, as even the offered carpooling would have been more expensive.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'I was very satisfied because I arrived punctually at my destination and on the way back in advance was timely informed about a delay so that I could adjust to it.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'It is pleasant to drive with Flixbus and you arrive punctually at the destination. :-)', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'The price-performance ratio is good. Had trouble opening the booking number and accidentally made a double booking.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'I can only recommend a trip with Flixbus.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': "Traveling with Flixbus takes a long, but inexpensive journey. Every now and then there are a few problems with the comfort of the seats on a longer trip or the cleanliness of the toilet. The biggest problem for me, though, is that it's pretty stuffy. Unfortunately, the ventilation does not work and I was lacking in both the outward and the return trip to oxygen. Special highlight is the friendliness and the commitment of the bus driver. The buses also have a good Wi-Fi connection. However, it should be noted verbally that the free Wi-Fi should not be used to stream movies or similar larger promotions.", 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'as expected, excellent value for money the only point that was not yet optimal for me: the bus makes a big detour (in my case)', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Good performance for the price', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'you can do - cheap alternative on routes up to 300 km!', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Just great and very cheap', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'On the whole very satisfied but what bothers is the fact that for some time no connection to the wireless network is possible, since the website is considered unsafe. If that is still resolved, there are also from 5 stars.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'I have now several times with the FLixbus driven. This time it went to Prague and it was again as always very good. However, I wish that Flixbus improved the service within the bus a little bit, or that this could be seen from its rival Regiojet. There is an extra staff who offers a free hot drinks (eg coffee, tea or hot chocolate). Otherwise, I will continue to drive with this company', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'surprisingly good, cheap and convenient.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'There are no noteworthy criticisms to sell. I was satisfied with the ride.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Pleasant ride, nice staff, nice and clean buses, but on the seat partners you can argue. A dancing and gambling Chinese was not my wish.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Because of an air traffic controller strike, I drove the first time with Flixbus. Although the bus was full, there was no rush. The drivers were friendly and the 12 hour journey was amazingly fast. The price was very cheap, the booking via the Flixbus app uncomplicated. Gladly again.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'On the whole "all right"', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Overall, I was very happy with the ride, but if you travel by bus (especially late at night), you have to live with the fact that the course is a bit cramped than the train, that the other passengers a bit. .. are funny, and that the employees of the company spray the typical Busfahrercharme. You have to abkönnen, but then you go.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Highly Recommended . Driving time for the price extremely cheap. You must be aware that it takes longer, but very cheap. Any time .', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'The trip from Innsbruck to Bolzano was very pleasant and with 8 € really a bargain. But I had to pay 9 € surcharge for the ski, I found exaggerated. The return trip was for this reason cheaper by train. The air conditioning was relatively strong turned up - scarf needed, not to catch a cold. Everything else okay.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'OK. Ride was ok, bus was not the newest, rocking', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Always relaxed and cheap.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'A confident bus driver created a great sense of security. with exact punctuality', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'fast, cheap and on time, but without service', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': "My first ride with FlixBus and I'm pretty happy! Clean bus and nice driver staff! The only drawback was that the screens were not used for movies or travel information! At a 12 hour drive it was a bit quiet! But otherwise all the best!", 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'The first time with flixbus. Price and convenience have convinced me. I will go with flixbus more often in the future!', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Everything satisfactory and punctual.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': "On the whole, I'm very satisfied, can only recommend the ride on the flixbus. Point deduction because the zob in Berlin is so far outside and it is unfortunately pretty fresh in the bus.", 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'All right, except for limited Wi-Fi and the totally full bus. As a seat reservation would have been great', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Can you recommend further', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'The second Flixbus ride was like the first very uncomplicated and comfortable. Since the bus was not too crowded (I had 2 seats for me, I estimate capacity at about 40-50%), I had enough space for the approximately 7-hour drive. The bus drivers were polite and at the end went through with a garbage bag, but it is also something practical .. The only star deduction: Known tell me about missing luggage after the stay at intermediate stations. Therefore, a strange feeling, but my luggage was still there at the end station ..', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'uncomplicated booking, minimal delay to the destination, good internet and electricity in the bus, very pleasant ride.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': "The bus arrived on time, the journey went smoothly and without special incidents. Only the driver's driving time and rest periods should perhaps be mentioned in the timetable, so that one can miteinplanen and if necessary somewhat small unternehmen.Die delay of twenty minutes was not too tragic , although it was not specified in real time on flixbus.de. All in all, however, I'm pretty happy with the performance of Flixbus", 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'If the internet worked, it would have even become 5 stars :)', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Really great! Travel is not better! Cheaper anyway not !!', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'The price is great', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Good, expand network', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'The bus was on time and the ride was comfortable and even before the indicated arrival time in Dresden-Neustadt. Unfortunately, there was no Wi-Fi in the bus, although it is advertised.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Pleasant ride!', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'The bus was late, but you were informed early enough. Otherwise, everything went smoothly and I can only recommend Flexbus.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'This ride certainly makes a positive impression and will also pass it on or if necessary ride it again.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Everything is wonderful except for the booking', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'It would be better if one could bring the announcement or scoreboard to the attention before stopping the stop.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'On the whole very very good, bus driver very friendly, only criticism is the wlan speed. But flixbus is aufjedemfall further recommended (:', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'relatively punctual, nice driver - better always, but was fully ok', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Was a pleasant ride without major problems. The Wi-Fi was however completely for the Allerwertisten:) driver was nice and easy :)', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Everything works in addition to internet access. The fellow travelers are unfortunately rather ruthless (do not strap on, which would probably require more assistance in the event of an accident from me, etc.)', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Communication about the delay in the departure in MA was missing.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'So far, everything was fine. One should only find a clever system for loading.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'We often travel by Flixbus. The buses are comfortable, clean and never crowded. Spontaneous booking is also very good. Until now we always had quiet rides so that we can sleep. We had to wait for the flixBus for the first time. Unfortunately, but directly 1 hour and without notification at 5 degrees. You can imagine the joy. The opportunity to buy snacks and drinks we find good. Suitable for young and old. And for those looking for parking do not feel like. Especially city trips are worthwhile.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Unfortunately, there is no copy of my just sent to you Bewertung.Und again I do not want to write all this.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'The overall offer was excellent. The only (but unfortunately quite big drawback: No function of the conditioner and hand basin on the toilet)', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'The bus was a bit late, but the driver was nüscht (even if many a passenger that meant). It was OK. The Wi-Fi needs to be faster, even if several people are in it at the same time.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'My first ride on the FlixBus was very good. The bus was early at the bus stop and left on time. The driver brought us safely and reliably to the destination, where we arrived on time as well. Wi-Fi worked well and the price was also good. There is a star deduction, the line network is a disaster and from here not really much choice and the long-distance bus thus only for a handful of destinations in question', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Except for the action of the bus driver when unloading the luggage was all right book again! There were some older ladies in the bus who had very heavy suitcases. The guests had to crawl even in the luggage room to get to the luggage !!! when I approached the bus driver to answer that it was not his job to help unload and that it would be nowhere !! Not very customer friendly !! I came back from a 2-month trip to Asia, I was traveling a lot by bus in Asia and with every company the luggage was taken in and unloaded by the bus crew !!', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Great prices Fast booking Fast check-inMany connectionsEasy Cancellation / rebookingDo not allow dogs !!', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'I can only recommend Flixbus for those who have enough time and want to travel very cheap. The rides are pleasant, the staff friendly and unlike the train, Flixbus was always on time for my trips.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'It was a pleasant journey. I will gladly travel with you again. Which was great, an email in the early morning of departure came with a few pointers to the trip. Thank you. Best regards, Ms. Lux', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': '... and unfortunately also with the punctuality. If the car is stuck in a traffic jam, the FlixBus will do the same. Nevertheless, price-performance winner.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Good. I can only recommend.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Cheaper you can not drive, at least not as a single traveler. Modern buses, equipment good. Announcement of delay on the return trip is not good and can be improved.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Very good alternative to the car and miles better than a not or difficult to book (for 9 people at once anyway impossible) system in the ÖBB-saving rail.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Nevertheless, I would always use the Flixbus again.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': "To all who read this here. It is quite normal that one has to reckon with small delays. There can always be a traffic jam on the motorway. Everything worked well and I was really happy with FlixBus, because of traffic jams my journey was a bit late. But that's also much cheaper than many other means of transport. So FlixBus has won a customer with me: -Dmfg Ingo Reis", 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Nothing to complain about except the unfriendly bus driver.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Unfortunately, no signs for Flixbus were visible at the Bf Deggendorf, only for the public transport ... The ride was very pleasant, internet was impeccable. Little time late. Price - performance, I think great. The next time I like to go back with Flixbus :)', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Interest in customer opinion, information management, concern for reliability and the pursuit of quality management and the moderate price result in an excellent overall package, of which Deutsche Bahn can only dream and I as a (former) frequent traveler with premium status of the Deitschen Bahn not nearly accustomed was. Hope FlixBus will not one day win complacency and excessive greed.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'I would always travel with a FLIXBUS again.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'The drivers were super friendly despite the delay, internet and sockets would have been nice', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Pleasant ride, very punctual and a friendly, helpful and above all humorous bus driver. Will I like to use again. Only the signs at the stations, bus stops and buses itself could be better, so you can find this easier.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'For the most part, I have had positive experiences so far. Good and convenient to travel, relatively cheap. Even though it has become more expensive lately. At my 4 rides until now there was only one significant delay with several hours. (My travel route was on an international connection.) Announcements on board were the first time today, nice!', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'The trip to Berlin went smoothly and was very pleasant. Also the bus driver was super nice and had a good sense of humor, which slightly increased the mood in the morning. The change in Berlin in a bus to Szczecin was also without problems, but the bus driver spoke only Polish - no English and no German, which I, a customer who only wants to visit a few friends in Poland and whose language is not really mastered, gave a slight sense of helplessness. Would be nice if the drivers could at least speak English while driving to other countries.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'The transportation is comfortable, cheap and easy. Unfortunately the WLAN problem is not solved yet. But all better than by train.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Flix bus is ok. Unfortunately, always a little crowded, so you actually have to deal with only 1 seat, and the Internet is often slow. Everything else was great.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Despite the long journey from FFM to Split and back we were extremely satisfied except for one exception. Since we in Würzburg by a Dusseligkeit (toilet in the main train station) had missed the onward journey to FFM and 3 pieces of luggage remained on board I cried in my desperation the Flixbus hotline in Berlin. The lady was very brazen on the phone, showed no understanding without a solution. No she can not inform the driver. I should fill out the form "lost property" online (which I did). My question, if I could go to the Flix office in FFM, she said no. After all, we were able to continue the journey an hour later at our own expense. In FFM, a Flixbus employee gave us the deciding tip for the next day\'s departure of the bus to Munich! We did that. And behold, two of our bags were on board. However, the third piece, a shoulder bag, remains missing. Nevertheless, we will gladly travel again with Flixbus and use the clean on-board toilets.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'More comfortable than train, more personal and friendly', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'You can definitely recommend. Relaxed travel.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'perfect for commuters, pupils and students, super pricey & over punctual', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'In my opinion everything was supper. I was surprised that I get a sms that the bus comes later. Bus was clean, but what my opinion few people and I did not like was that the sockets did not go and the wifi also a time not. Otherwise the ride was supper and the driver too. As you have to repair the wifi on the request of the passengers.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Friendly, fast, reliable', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'I can only recommend Flixbus !!', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'The ride was ok as in previous trips, but with disturbing music and the driver phoned while driving in Frankfurt without hands-free.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'The trip to Nuremberg was very pleasant, except for the fact that we sat right in front of the toilet and when the door of the toilet was opened, gruesome. Aufgrtund of which I did not use the toilet. This is definitely not to be accepted! The driver was very friendly and the ride was good and we arrived almost punctually in Nuremberg.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Nobody is perfect, but Flixbus was close on this trip. :)', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Safe and cheap, but both times 30 minutes late', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Even if the bus was late, it was a pleasant trip.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Würzburg - Frankfurt am MainThere was a delay of more than 45 minutes at the bus stop.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'The bus was 15 minutes late, but Flixbus is reasonably priced.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'The booking and subsequent contact to the service hotline was a disaster !! The credit card booking took forever and I had to do it several times. The gentleman at the service hotline was actually an impudence (hardly understandable and a background noise like in a guest house) The bus ride simply SuperlgThomas', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'The driver always informs comprehensively about everything that happens', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Have made 4 trips, and it has always worked, the delays (arrival) were max. 10-15min.Der price (booking via the Internet) is very cheap. In Zurich, it is still a bit confusing, as there is no Flixbus info board or similar. hat.WLAN (free :-) also worked mostly. When driving it had no more drinks to buy.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Of course there are some things that could be done better, but you have to consider the price as well. And for the fact that it is so cheap, you also take a lot in buying and adapting to it .... I choose this form of travel only if I have enough time and it does not seem so bad for me to lose 1-2 hours when traveling. ...', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'I was very happy with the ride with FlixBus to Amsterdam, it was a pleasant trip and despite being late, we arrived in Amsterdam not too late and were able to spend a great day there. The only criticism is definitely the hygiene of the toilet. This should be worked on. Otherwise, I was satisfied, enough legroom and almost constantly functioning WLAN.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Very friendly driver. Rest ok but in many details is far from perfect. An example: Unfortunately, internet did not work.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'On time, well air conditioned and pleasant ride. Unfortunately, no media library and very little data volume in the wireless had.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Everything great. ,', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Only annoyed me have the missing sockets (in some buses, there are, in some not). Also the ventilation was unpleasant, when boarding you had the feeling to climb a sauna. At some point it was then again too cold and it has pulled from the lower ventilation. And then it was all too warm again: /', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'We were 90% satisfied, price performance except for small things i.O.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'In general, there are hardly complaints from my side. The unstable internet connection was annoying, but did not affect the driving experience too much. So I can recommend Flixbus in good conscience.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'All in all, this ride was very pleasant, no criticisms.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Flixbus is always a good alternative to expensive train tickets. Flixbus media with selected films makes the trip entertaining. It would be nice if once the coffee machine would work on board. That was unfortunately never the case on my trips. Then there would be full score.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Very good ride. On time enough, the bus is 1A class, thank you, gladly again :)', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': "It's all right", 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Cheap travel option.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Very stress free and cheap I drive again', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Very good experience. Bus is nice. Internet works fine. Bus is clean.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Flixbus can be recommended. Cheap and fast transport. Some connections still need to be optimized.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': '... the tiresome internet story at Flixbus. I like driving regularly, but there are always problems with the internet on the bus. Basically, I can live with it, but if you advertise so it should work well. See you next time!', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Friendly bus driver, unfortunately no internet and too hot. Enough bin liner therefore very neat and clean. We were stuck in a traffic jam for a short time but were still only three minutes late. So TOP!', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Wi-Fi, electrical outlets and a toilet on board; Notification of delay (usually) - via SMS; Punctuality is routes and traffic dependent (usually it works) Unfortunately, many passengers see the toilet as a full-fledged toilet and not as an emergency toilet while driving. Why it is possible that hygiene and cleanliness is sometimes not guaranteed. The bus driver has so often already enough around the ears that he can not do much there. In addition, the drivers are apparently not paid after work for the cleaning of the bus (including cleaning the toilet!). I like driving with FlixBus. Good rides depend not only on the company but also on the passengers. More respect, understanding and consideration would be a great thing. Especially when it comes to delays. The bus driver can not conjure up or avoid a traffic jam.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Convenient and inexpensive to recommend especially older people, since the annoying waiting and tow and queuing in a plane trip falls.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'The trip was very punctual, it was always good Wi-Fi available, the delay was from the bus driver, but I would find it more beautiful if the delay is announced earlier. In general, I can only recommend a trip with Flixbus!', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Nothing to complain about except missing Wifi and that the stations were not announced.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Good and cheap', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'In particular, I would like to praise my last trip from Berlin to Hannover, for which I have just paid € 11.90 - an unbeatable price. The ride was super pleasant, the driver drove safely, the on-board camera overlooking the highway also gave me a sense of security. The bus was overpun, destination was reached at the specified arrival time. I never expected, especially at the A2. The bus was clean and the wifi worked perfectly. In addition, the bus was not crowded. Only the air conditioning was a bit too cold (we women often freeze) and the welcome could have done a bit friendlier. Otherwise, top and on as a cost-effective alternative to the overpriced German train.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'In itself, the ride was absolutely fine. Unfortunately the bus arrived half an hour late and there was no information about it. The toilets were very unappetltlich and unfortunately the bus was probably not fully checked for garbage even before departure, because it was still partly garbage from its predecessors. But otherwise everything was ok. Busfaher were nice, enough breaks in between times to represent the legs. Seating comfort was definitely available, as well as enough sockets.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'We drove from Stuttgart to Dusseldorf. The bus driver barely spoke German only next stop. The bus was full but bearable', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': "You hear about a Wifi connection in the bus, but access to Youtube and Netflix is \u200b\u200bblocked, and where I was watching a movie on another website, I had no Internet after 10 minutes, access blocked - 8 hours. I do not think that's good and you should tell them something before you drive.", 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'The buses are well equipped and there is enough legroom. The wifi works well abroad. The buses arrive if only a little late at the destination. It is an impertinence as a woman to take the luggage itself from the bus. The drivers help at all not taking the luggage off the bus.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': "It's not the last time I drove Flixbus. Good online service, cheap ticket and nice staff. A bit messy in the bus station in Hamburg, but you can live with it.", 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'On the whole it runs with Flixbus quite well. With the pay with vouchers or remaining balance on bookings is still catching up. In the booking mask, further input options for value vouchers and remaining credit should be available in order to be able to summarize remaining credit during a trip.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'As I said, the hygiene should be better on the toilet and it should also be a constant control role on the ride, since toilet paper is needed.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'First of all you have to say: the ride was good, the bus clean and pleasantly air-conditioned. So to be recommended as a cheap alternative to the train, if you are in no hurry. Unfortunately the coordination at the departure was miserable: the bus was clearly too late, but in the app and under the service number said it would be punctual, even as the planned departure through was and still no bus was to be seen. Which bus platform was also not to be recognized, neither on the booking confirmation, in the app or on the Aushänge on the spot. The services on board were also not as advertised: from WLAN no trace , also no information on booking, but only advertised large, there is wireless in the bus. Although not so bad in itself, but what you promise, you should also be able to comply;) just where it was a very modern bus and a long night drive.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'We were able to book a group of 19 people quite spontaneously on a coach from Freiburg and the transaction worked well and quickly. In addition, with less than 7.9 EUR per trip, the route to Karlsruhe unbeatable. Thank you so much', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': '(+) The trip with Flixbus from Leverkusen to Metz was pleasant and cheap. The drivers are very nice and caring. The luggage survived the journey without any impairment. (-) Since the trip should start at 22:45 in Leverkusen and you should be there at least 15 minutes in advance, were there at 22:25. Until the journey started 22:50 we stood for 25 minutes in complete darkness at the station and did not feel really safe and in good hands. Without a flashlight you can not get along well in the evening neither on the timetable nor in his documents.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'First drives from Essen to Berlin. No Wi-Fi while driving. Change in Berlin well and good onward journey to Stralsund. WLAN worked well in this bus.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Comfortable, even without power from the socket', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'For the price I pay, the consideration is very good. Thanks', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Friendly staff, good service', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Satisfied in every way. Only the air conditioning was so cold that I got a Erkungskltung after the trip.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'but can get in trouble in tight stations,', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'I drive for about 3 years with the Flixbus once a week to HH. At the beginning of my Flixbus trips the bus drove off at 6.40 clock from HRO. Then there was a change in timetables and it was only 7.40 clock go. Now I had to say that the departure time from October or November 2016 by another hour to 8.40 clock delayed. This I can not agree with my employer and will probably have to switch back to the DB. The question that arises to me, is that this route is very well frequented, since you / woman always has a seat neighbor ...', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Have already used the Flixbus rating several times. The first time in 2015 a total of 3 trips with the seriously damaged ID card. Find a pity that it was taken out of the program. (ONLY FOR BEGLEITPERSON) Internet left a lot to be desired and food or drinks / coffee were no longer on board. LOB, but you will be notified by SMS if bus is late. Thank you also for the compensation (voucher) for the unexpected delay with the line 051. The driver was also very nice and helpful and could even catch up a little. A defect on the bus can not foresee. Kind regards', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'The trip was pleasant and the bus driver very friendly. Unfortunately, the toilet was not angry if necessary, it smelled strongly of urine.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Cheap, correct', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': "VIP seats for persons with limited health should be urgently introduced. But otherwise there is nothing at all to complain about ... Bäääm '! Flixbus Rules! Yes!", 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'good thing ...', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Except for which you can not reserve seats, I have been very satisfied.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'SIMPLY SUPER', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': "First of all, I would like to praise the bus driver, he was very friendly and you felt very comfortable during the ride. For me it was actually the first ride in a Flixbus and I will drive in the future again with the Flixbus. We had only problem with the wireless connection, was of course a pity for those who have a longer drive before or behind. Still thumbs up and I'm looking forward to the next trip !!", 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'In general, a very good company, you should only solve the problem with the Internet, I was told that the roaming is not working in Switzerland (a good advertisement but otherwise I am very satisfied.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'The bus arrived relatively punctually to Nuremberg. Passenger inlet went very fast. I found the bus very clean / tidy. The ride was very pleasant (thanks to the air conditioning) and we arrived very punctually in Prague (CZ). The drive home will definitely be just as enjoyable .. ;-)', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': '4/5 taken', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Everything OK! Except for the fact that you could not eat at a kiosk, or at the bakery. Small bites are meant (bread, snack, nothing hot)', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Very comfortable, and all in peace Abgefahren .. 100% satisfied .. will soon be driving again with Flixbus ... ;-)', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'The ride was very pleasant and I arrived punctually or at the specified time. The driver was nice and made a nice impression. I would always go back with FlixBus and recommend it to friends / acquaintances.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'The ride with Flixbus was very good, the staff very friendly. Unfortunately, there was a traffic jam, but this is not due to Flixbus but to the general traffic situation.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'In Strasbourg arrived at 20.40 several Flixbuse, the connection number 108 was several times available, the connection destination Mannheim, however, indicated on any of the buses. We thought there is still a 108 with destination Mannheim: wrong thought ...', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Current trip: Berlin central bus station - Duisburg (according to timetable scarcely 8 hours, despite traffic jam thanks bus driver altogether "only" approx. 15 min. Delay) normal bus, friendly coworkers, good information. Who does not depend on the temporal aspect, can Do not go wrong with the current prices with this company. Gladly again! :)', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Friendly and professional bus driver. A small delay due to some construction sites was unavoidable. The price as always unbeatable. My conclusion, Flixbus I will book more often.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'The journey from Saarbruecken to Amsterdam went smoothly and takes just as long as a train ride. However, a lot cheaper. If you book a little ahead you can get a ticket fer 22 Euro.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'There were no problems, the bus was always punctual, except for a few minutes, but for traffic jams no one can do anything. The bus drivers were friendly and the toilet was amazingly clean. Absolutely recommendable.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'I would go to Berlin again and again with FlixBus. Very relaxed and reliable.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'There was a delay but otherwise everything was great. Gladly again.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Flix bus is highly recommended. If only the wifi would work better', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Traveling with Flixbus is cheap and reliable to recommend.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Everything OK, a little more smile and warmth would give the whole experience the title "very good"', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'The times are too short, at the finish of the bus is therefore always late without the traffic jam.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': "I'm completely satisfied. Only the internet is not usable. It is available, but with only three people on the bus so slow that the smartphone informs me regularly about network problems.", 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Bus confortable. Hotline bad.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'One of the two drivers was quite unfriendly, and we spent 2 hours in a traffic jam, but the company does not care for either. The bus was clean, the seats very comfortable and even for someone who is otherwise really afraid of long bus rides, the night trip was really enjoyable. I am "cured" of my refusal for long bus trips thanks to FlixBus and would ride at any time (also happens in a few days;))', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Would go back to it, in need of improvement Internet, toilets', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'The price is super cheap, very punctual, nice features, friendly driver, legroom, socket protection would be useful', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'English of the bus driver would be in need of improvement. WLAN did not work. No sockets available. Otherwise clean toilets, pleasant indoor climate, nice driver.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'It was a pleasant journey. ..The bus drivers were friendly and safe in traffic. I would always travel with Flixbus again.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Convenient cheap way to Basel. Should the next time take my cell phone, since I could not experience the bus delay on the return trip. It was 30 minutes-still goes.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Toilet smelled pretty nasty, otherwise everything was good', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'I have to repeat myself.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'All in all, just a better stop / drop-off location would be desirable.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'The trip to Prague was fine, only the water for washing your hands was missing, otherwise the toilet was clean. The bus was on time. On the way back disturbed me that the reading lights did not always work. It looked like only the lights would work for the window seats and not for the aisles (in the lower part of the bus). The bus was super punctual!', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Unfortunately no internet, missing towels on the toilet', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Flixbus is also highly recommended for minors traveling alone. Provided, however, is that the child is "reasonable" enough, as well as a break is inserted, in which the passengers have to leave the bus. Otherwise everything has folded wonderfully and smoothly! I can only recommend.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Bus was on time, driver friendly and our bikes were stowed competent. Unfortunately, the Wi-Fi worked as good as not. Since we did not need it, it was not that bad. Next time again with FlixBus.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'It fits on the whole', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': "I always enjoyed driving with Flixbus, but I have to say that it seems that you are losing some of your time. Windshield torn from the bus, chewing gum on the floor and seats that can not be adjusted. I'm used to something better. Then there is the second time now apparently no Wi-Fi was on board. Because I was device-independent no network displayed although I was one of the first 10 in the bus. And then the price increase. Please do not become a second German train.", 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Price performance is right Pleasant rideTimely ok and very clean bus.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Satisfied despite being late.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Recommended, safe and cheap!', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'On some routes pretty cheap prices, punctual departure, clean bus and pleasant driving style of the bus driver. The only thing I would criticize would be that the bus drivers seemed a bit bored, but the positive points definitely outweigh.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Very good, cheap, comfortable, usually punctual; if Wi-Fi works - perfect. But my last three rides were without internet - too bad!', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'I drove the first time with Flixbus and was pleasantly surprised. Except that I was given a wrong direction, so I had to ask, but otherwise all the best!', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Flixbus is especially for young people a real alternative to the train, as the Flixbus is very inexpensive and also no physical complaints, although the rides can be quite long. Very good Wi-Fi despite full bus. Seats have been very comfortable.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'I was very happy with the bus drivers, as they seemed very competent and friendly. Also in terms of cleanliness, there is nothing to complain about. The only thing is that the internet did not work the full drive over (7:30 hours).', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'The track from Halle to Hannover was comfort-good, because I could stretch out my legs. Unfortunately I did not get into the WLAN, but I can get over it. From Hannover to Duisburg it was relatively unproblematic. Only I did not have that much space. It was really tight. To compensate, I was able to load my phone and access the WLAN. Cheaper one does not come from the east to the west of Germany. I drive guaranteed again with Flixbus.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Worthwhile, ferry included in the ticket price.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Will not complain, it was really good, but a few small suggestions: get started a bit messy. If you are a foreigner, you would find it difficult to find the right bus and the entry was much vorgebrhrt. Internet did not work.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'I was a bit skeptical, but everything went perfectly. The driver and staff were friendly and everything was for and at an unbeatable price. Strangely, I was unable to make the trip because of late booking through the app but via the website ... The app did not show me the early connection anymore ...', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Good handling at the start. On time and fast. Very friendly driver.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Everything in the headline ...', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Cozy and relaxing - gladly again! And the price was more than satisfactory.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'I am satisfied: cheap to my destination', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Only the negative: With the slight delay you can probably live, because the bus is not protected from highway traffic jams. A pity, however, was that there was no notification on the website. The wifi in the bus was unfortunately not usable (it was only an error back, seemed all to go like that). In addition, no garbage can was found for me and there was no soap dispenser or towels in the Toiletten.Jedoch positive note: enough legroom in the seats in addition, the bus driver has a short at each station to represent the legs. In addition, the bus is technically far below the Deutsche Bahn and even slightly below the central passenger stations. Especially with late bookings. Handling the payment and showing the ticket and stowing the luggage was completely problem-free.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'The bus: neat, clean, air conditioned Seats: comfortable, (for a bus) spacious and sockets for charging mobile phone or similar. are also available. Unfortunately, the bus drivers are sometimes a bit taciturn. Personally, I find it always better if you can address your driver by name, on a trip that takes longer than with a city bus;)', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'I was very happy with the ride. Everything worked and the ride was very pleasant.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Very helpful bus driver loading the suitcases! Unfortunately, however, were all bus drivers (there was a change of the team on the way) very close to each communication - whether with questions or information about delays, broken Wi-Fi, etc. It was only the name of the next stop called, just before you were there - otherwise no announcements.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Bad german the bus driver, missing media library. Pleasant place and cheap.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'I can only recommend flixbus, especially because of the low prices.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Bus arrived 20 minutes late, but only 5 minutes late at the finish. Internet did not work for me, but for others. Cheap way to get from A to B.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Since I have chosen since the introduction of long-distance coach services in addition to the otherwise exclusively used BLB on the respective booking price (online) my rides, I rate the overall performance in this order: 1st place: BLB, consistent high standard, rarely overflowed booking desk, if nutz.Platz 2nd: POSTBUS, very good quality standard, booking only ONLINE, allocation of space on booking (makes it easier to persuade that the seat neighbor carried hand luggage from "my place" entfernt.Platz 3 .: FLIXBUS / My coach, service can still be improved to pull together has not arrived in the multitude of sub-entrepreneurs yet.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'The driver was really nice and also speaks to everyone who is near him to show as many passengers as possible their right bus. During the trip, the Wi-Fi had been OK as well as the breaks. The driver has allowed us to consume moderately / in the context of Alk, which already have done anyway. I liked it because more than half wanted to splash that day.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'All in all a smooth ride. Internet access only available in Germany. Abroad, he probably dropped out for roaming reasons.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': "The journey was uncomplicated, we arrived on time, so everything was good. A little something bothered me a bit and I had only a handbag and a cloth bag with a bath towel and a bottle of water in it. I actually had to put the bag, which was not really big, down in the side luggage compartments. When I was sitting on the bus, I looked around and some passengers had several pieces of hand luggage next to him and there were also other people with bag + bag. Next time I'll do without the second part, but I think you should either treat everyone the same and have the second carry-on bag stowed down the bus, or just find a solution that is fair to everyone. Otherwise I can recommend the Flixbus ride.", 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Fast processing and quickly coordinated team', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Good, cheap but problems with the internet and often late ... Good customer service. It may also like to be introduced 10-minute breaks, otherwise you TW. 6 hours to sit!', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'The price-performance ratio is great!', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'The trip from Bolzano to Bergamo was impeccable. Nice, friendly and good driver. One felt well and safe. Compliments ... just keep it up. We remain loyal to Flixbus :-)', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Everything OK, except the delay of over 2 hours ...', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'You come from A to B for little money, because you do not need to pretend, as if it were luxury, and no one does. Ordinary value for money', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'If it does not go on the weekend. Avoid the seats near toilet. Otherwise OK', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'I drove for the first time with FlixBus. Although there was ultimately a delay of more than 1 hour, I got my connection bus. Will definitely go back with FlixBus .... namely tomorrow!', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Unfortunately, the bus was almost 2 hours late and we were not informed ... I found that personally a shame ... However, the service on board was unbeatable ... on the way back everything worked out great and I can only recommend the company ...', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'We were traveling for two and when we waited for the bus at the bus stop, I got panic after some time. The bus was not visible and a text message with the information that the bus comes later, I did not get. A lady has also been waiting for the bus and already called the hotline, where she was then told that the bus will be 25 minutes late. When the bus came and I sat in it and only then did I receive a text message. The delay was to cope and I did not think bad. However, I would have had less stress if I would be informed in good time. The ride itself was very pleasant and the bus drivers were nice. The bus was clean. The internet worked well and the free space choice is very good. This should be maintained in any case. That was my first but not my last ride on Flixbus', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'see title.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'The drivers and assistants should wear a clear tenue, for example I mean a green T-shirt or polo shirt on Flixbus, to better distinguish them from traveling customers.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': "The buses are new, clean and equipped with a power outlet! I think that's great! Gladly again", 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'I would wish that the WLAN is fully functional. Otherwise, the ride was pleasant. The bus driver was friendly and it went quickly.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Everything went smoothly. Maybe you could still show the numbers of the departure points on a display board to save the search. Otherwise everything was great. Any time.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'One of the strengths of Flixbus is that punctuality and above all good value for money exist. A big disadvantage are the unfriendly bus drivers. Öftere toilet cleaning would be recommended for longer trips.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'The bus driver to farm was great, then the driver of the German not quite powerful, which was not bad. Unfortunately, the internet was not bad at all. In contrast, it was clean, tidy and all about a good trip', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'recommendable', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Was the first time with Flixbus on the way and must say that I was not disappointed. Compared to other providers no service or entertainment devices on-board but for the price that is absolutely justifiable. Always my pleasure. Until next time.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Everything was very good, but the wireless connection should be improved.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'For the price, good service - Punctuality - Good driver well organized', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'It would have been nice if the bus driver had greeted us and said some things about buckles and how the runs are done. The climate did not work. It was pretty warm and we had to find out that you could get drinks in the bus ... All in all we arrived well in Berlin', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'See title :)', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'good possibility to travel overnight. Not luxurious but inexpensive. Negative is only that they advertise active with free wifi and sockets on board when booking my ride. The sockets were not available and the wireless lane was inoperative.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'No delay in Lübeck, but an extension during the ride due to rain on the way to Wismar. Nice bus driver and nice fellow travelers and enough storage space for luggage in the bus.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Punctual departure and only a slight delay on the outward journey due to construction sites. Otherwise comfortable and above all cheap. Who needs the DB? Top!', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'The trip to Berlin was my first trip with such a company. The late departure was acceptable, as well as timely feedback came on the phone. However, the two-hour delay in Berlin was not in order, because due to compliance with driving times (breaks must be strictly enforced ) the arrival was almost impossible. In case of cases the bus driver would have had to park the bus in front of Berlin! However, because of his experience, it has still worked. Since the route is very congested, this problem is well known, should not be waived here at the expense of the dissatisfaction of the travelers on a second driver. The price of 9.90 € is very tight in my opinion and it should be "reasonable" prices. A flight for 25 € to Mallorca is also not OK. The bus was okay so far, the driver was at least in the beginning in a bad mood (something I had seen the day before in a television report, there was a positive and negative gelaunter bus driver shown) , I hoped on my day of traveling on a good-humored driver ... The stops should be better marked with references to an existing toilet, as it is pointed out in the bus to use this only in an "emergency". Internet access was easy, However, the connection only satisfactory, due to the frequent dropouts. I would repeat the ride, as it is really stress-free, if you have no deadline. So far, it was a nice experience and maybe another result. Sincerely, Ralph', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Except for the failed WLAN Was everything great. Any time.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'The first time I went with Flixbus, the price is convincing and fair. The bus was clean and the driver was very nice, there were no problems with the luggage or something. The only small drawback is the internet, the log in turns complicated and then half an hour only for free is not enough, the reception was really miserable. All in all, I would still go with Flixbus again.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Except for the delay because of high traffic it was ok', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Absolutely punctual and reliable. Stress-free travel! Only the WLAN was unfortunately not available.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'The bus driver was very friendly, the bus was clean and the bus arrived half an hour early! Very pleasant ride all in all, unfortunately there was no Wi-Fi.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Friendliness of the driver and punctuality very commendable! Internet -> disaster !!! During the entire travel time no connection possible! Very annoying if you have firmly planned to work while driving!', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'the stops are central and public transport as connection connections very well within walking distance', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'My aunt and I drove two to Strasbourg back and forth for only 31euro in just 75min. The train would have taken longer and cost much more. Internet connection was catastrophic when driving you could not connect to wifi and when driving back you could not surf the internet, although you were connected to Wifi. When driving back the bus was due to traffic 40 minutes late, which annoyed us but we got a text message, which has informed us, which I found great. If Wifi connection would have worked, then flixbus would get from me 5 stars.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'The ride went smoothly, punctual departure and despite 30 degrees outside a pleasant climate indoors. However, I could not use the internet on the phone. Wi-Fi connection was available, but I could not use it. Otherwise everything else recommended.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'On the whole, this ride was very good. I felt very comfortable and will use it again and again!', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'only to be recommended', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Was a quiet night ride. Only small departure u. Late arrival. Can only recommend FlixBus.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'I would book again anytime. Better than the train.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'I was very happy with the whole process of good organization ...', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Very nice flexible driver return bus failure! SMS was not displayed and the mail was misleading, since I had actually rebooked this trip and only that was in the mail. Better tell the bus failure in the mail!', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'In itself, I was really happy. The Busfaher were very nice and humorous. Granted, the bus was full up. It would be nice if there were more space for rucksacks on the shelves and also more than two sockets on the tables. We had four laptops and had to take turns with the sockets. The only one where there is a star deducted is because of the internet. Maybe it was because the bus was full. In the beginning, I still came to the Internet, especially with the laptop and then at some point. Bit silly, because we also needed an hour longer because of congestion. Conclusion: This company is definitely recommendable!', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'For the price a good alternative to the train. With a slight delay you can live there well.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'The bus was 15 minutes late; besides, the internet did not work during the whole trip.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'straightforward and on time despite Friday afternoonA small deduction. Despite the very good video offer for the entertainment. Again and again I should load the app but still I can not watch the video.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Except that the internet did not work properly - recommended!', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'The driver was friendly, the bus was clean, only the Wi-Fi connection was miserable. The Mediacenter was also unusable. For DB but a good alternative. I will travel with Flixbus again.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Keep up the good work!', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'The ride is pleasantly quiet Delays are announced soon enough as well as the stops. Usually the bus arrives even before the arrival time (if there are no traffic jams). All in all, I can only recommend Flixbus, especially since it is far cheaper than the train.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'each time again', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Everything was good up to WiFi availability', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'On time, clean and as pleasant as a night ride can be.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Everything was great except for the barely available internet connection. You can not get that cheap from A to B - and by the way you can still work, read or whatever. The rides were on time in time. Many Thanks!', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'I like to ride a train, but I also like long-distance buses, especially for shorter distances like HH-Berlin. Great offer, cheap price. Good!', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'My last trip from BS to Hamburg causes me to a very good rating! More specifically, the driver! So far I have had rather rude / rugged drivers who spoke little or no German but on Wednesday I had such a courteous and polite driver that I will continue to use Flixbus now and very much !! : o) I do not always know if there is Wi-Fi, but I could just ask. ;) Practically would, as the flyer with the safety instructions, a flyer to WLAN and password and other important facts .. eg where the outlet is: D (After our driver mentioned that, hung everywhere from the ceiling, that was funny: o ) and shows again how useful and necessary these announcements are (:) Conclusion: A VERY enjoyable ride and other good experiences with Flixbus :)', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': "The ride was very pleasant except for the clattering of the toilet of course, the again and again, despite the fact that we have made it. This was not pleasant because we sat directly behind it. I think it's important for a bus driver to introduce himself, as our bus driver did when we boarded in Göttingen. For the brewers who came there, this was not considered necessary, what a pity. Auserdem I have the information for drinks, Wi-Fi and the sockets missing. It was a pity that we flew out of the wifi all the time, you would not need to offer it if it does not work. Otherwise, the trip was more pleasant than if we had taken the train because we would have had to change all the luggage there and not for the great price.", 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Everything was ok, I can recommend flixbus. ,', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'We booked at short notice, everything worked out great, nice drivers, clean toilet, fast at the destination for little money', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Outride because driver has phoned while driving and made no announcements. I and neither internet nor power were available. Return trip excellent. Driver made announcements, drove safely and concentrated. Wi-Fi and electricity available.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Everything great. Departure, drive and arrival. Always a pleasant feeling and great.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Bus was on time, driver friendly, internet only partially working. Toilets very tight, but disinfectants etc. available.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'The ride was great, the bus was very new and well equipped. Unfortunately, the Wi-Fi was not really good and the break 15min longer than indicated in the timetable. Otherwise, everything is fine!', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'The FlixBus was super punctual despite the long distance. Garbage bags were hung from the armrests in the hallway seats. So every passenger could dispose of his garbage well. The WLAN was stable and powerful.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'I went for the second time on the Flixbus and was very satisfied with the service.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': "Booking and settlement perfect. However, I had to say that the bus driver was anything but courteous or friendly. He had treated me perfectly well. However, I encountered his unfriendly behavior towards non-German-speaking passengers who did not come from the EU. After the question of the bus ticket, he also wanted to see the passport or an ID card, which many of the passengers had not understood right away and his pitch worked after repeated requests in turn very annoyed. Second shortcoming I felt, since I the first time and made a quick decision with your company, which made no announcements at the beginning of the journey about buyable snacks or drinks. The first announcement came when we had reached the Dortmund main station. It may not be that bad on a ride that's just so short, but if it's going on for several hours, you may be thirsty or hungry for a snack. Otherwise the drive was ok, I had Wi-Fi, so as it was in the brochure and also the sitting was relaxing in contrast to other bus companies. Therefore on the whole 4 stars !!", 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'For me it was not clear at the time of booking from which stop in Berlin the journey starts. I was informed about the Internet service and the Mediacenter only after driving through a market research. Nevertheless, it was a pleasant trip, the bus was (at least inside) clean and very punctual. I recommend my bus / Flixbus happy.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': "I will be riding FlixBus for the first time this Saturday. Feel confident. I've been a truck driver all over Europe and North Africa. FlixBus brings me safely to my wife Hamburg.Die telephone customer service was very helpful and helpful. Hm Regards, Simply Fred.", 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Hope very much at the connections Munich - Tübingen - Munich changes nothing (disadvantageous: travel times, price) Thanks and greetingsDieter black', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'The two bus drivers were very friendly and had a very pleasant driving style. The bus was on time. Everyone could invite their own luggage. At the time of publication, no care was taken to see if the baggage actually belonged to the passenger. It would be easy to steal baggage from both loading and unloading. The windows in the bus were very dirty / smudged.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'The ride itself was again quite good. I\'ve raced for the fourth or fifth time and there were no problems here either. But; When, after 10 minutes, I realized that I had forgotten my suitcase in the hold after getting out of the car and ran back to my life, I could not find the bus or get any information. I spoke to a colleague who blurted out me unabashedly: "I do not know, I\'m driver of the bus here." class. He still sent me to the office of busPort from Hamburg ZOB. The young woman looked at me then only very stupid and ignorant, put me the business card and told me to call there. I tried to call 42 times and I was not put through. For that it should be an alleged 24h service, that was below the belt. Desperately, I drove to my actual vacation spot on the subway. Once there, I filled out the form for lost items on the Internet and sent it off. A little later came an email that is taken care of and I will be notified shortly. And the hint that it can take up to 30 days. 30 days. And on vacation. The notification coming soon is still not there. The next day, today, I called the hotline again and was put through after 5 minutes. The lady on the phone told me then also, I would have to fill out the form and everything would go its course, so about 3-4 weeks. Although she can not help it, I have left out my displeasure. Now I am in Hamburg on vacation and things. Money etc was of course in my purse, I have it with me. And yet, I have somehow nothing. At this point I would like to allow me the tip that it should be made possible that the bus driver in the control of the luggage compartments, not picked up bags and suitcases at the respective stop or at the station. Thus, unbearable waiting times could be shortened or avoided. I am still sitting here now and I do not know where my bag is, where it could be delivered and how I then get back to me. Otherwise, I like to travel with you and was always happy with drivers and arrival and departure. But this is bad customer service, sorry.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Price performance very good, again and again.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'I drove spontaneously with FlixBus from Berlin to Münster in Westphalia. It was really quiet and pleasant. I had difficulty with the W-LAN but otherwise a very round and pleasant driving experience. Keep going! ^^', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'This was my 2nd ride on Flixbus. I drove at 19:15 from Frankfurt Hbf to Leverkusen. I paid 9 € for this trip. A similar trip by train would have cost at least € 29. The journey time was even shorter than indicated and the bus left on time in Frankfurt. The bus was relatively empty, which I personally found very pleasant. Unfortunately, the Wi-Fi and Media Center did not work properly, so there is a star deduction. The seats were very comfortable.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Due to a construction site in Frankfurt, the stop was relocated. Fifteen minutes before departure at the bus stop. The bus was 20 minutes late. 35 minutes in constant rain stood without Unterstellmöglichkeit. It would be nice, if you inform the passengers at delays. Otherwise everything was fine.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Very good drive, entry in Zurich a bit chaotic, because everyone wants to have the best place. Otherwise recommended.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Except for the lack of Wi-Fi everything was great', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': "Was promoted from A to B for a great value for money. Ideal for young people planning short breaks or city breaks. Only punctuality still has room to move up, but that's a small thing.", 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'The price is really unbeatable for long distances. You drive comfortably, have internet and small snacks at quite affordable prices. But the travel times alone are a bit too long', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'As far as completely happy, was extremely full and therefore a bit complicated for me, because I am handicapped', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'The central bus station in Nuremberg is way too small for the many buses that run there. It creates a hell of a mess. Missing scoreboards complicate the clarity. The whole has no structure. You should make yourself a picture on the spot of the chaos. Positive is the proximity to the main station, as I arrive from outside by S-Bahn.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Departure and arrival optimal and very punctual, ride was pleasant except for the cold in the bus. I took a 3h and 25min ride and unfortunately it was impossible to take off my jacket or scarf. my feet were comparable to frozen beans. unfortunately not the first time, please do not save on the heater! otherwise I have absolutely nothing to complain, driver 1 + with * very friendly, friendly and helpful (from HH to Osterode departure 09.00 clock on 07.01.2016). Many other long-distance bus / Flixbus rides are planned.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Easy booking and relaxed journey to Thuringia.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'I liked it. Bus driver was very friendly, the bus arrived to Tübingen 10 minutes earlier. The internet connection I also found good. My bus and postbus are always my choices when I have to drive long distance.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'The ride was very pleasant and much cheaper than driving by car. The bus driver was nice and the bus was clean. Only the WLAN did not work, which is not so bad at about 2 hours drive, but was a pity.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'There was no Wi-Fi in the bus as this was half exploited. That was a great pity because most of the travel is pleasant.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'A good ride', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'The trips with Flixbus have always been good. The rides are cheap, fast and as comfortable as you would expect from a coach. Unfortunately, the offered WLAN does not always work, in some buses can even use the video library of Flixbus, in some simple surfing impossible. Mostly there are sockets where you can charge, for example, the phone or laptop. However, it is recommended to pack a 3-pin connector if you do not have a high-performance battery, as it may happen that you have to share the sockets with other passengers. Overall, however, I am satisfied with the rides - as I said, cheap, fast and reliable', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Gladly again!', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Great team, good entertainment at the ride. The only mark would be replacement bracket in the toilet for toilet paper would be great. But only if you want to moan at the highest level otherwise everything was great', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'At the WLAN must be worked.Blood also, that one does not quite come to the destination and again take money for public transport in the hand. I still had to go to Wuppertal. There is no connection from Ulm to Wuppertal and no transfer possibility.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'No change, no delay as in the train. For that a good comfort. We are very happy that we can use FlixBus for the return journey to the airport.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'All trips, whether to foreign countries or Germany have gone extremely well.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'We had a ride from Berlin-Alex to Świnoujście and back. Overall, the ride was pleasant, punctual and trouble-free. What pleasantly noticed is that the luggage was stowed differently by the driver and first Alex and then ZOB. A bit annoying was that you could not use Wi-Fi throughout, as no Empfang.Zu recommended to set up a roofing at the stop Alex, we still had pleasant weather, but what if it rains and storms - after all, you should be there early enough be - a weather protection would be very pleasant.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': '... on the route from Meran to Munich and on to Berlin on 17.10.15. I felt safe with all four drivers: two very friendly, courteous, helpful and helpful with the luggage driver of Merano via Bolzano and two slightly cooler equipped with Berlin snout and vigorous Buschauffeure, the one after arriving in Berlin the suitcase itself let down the trunk. This lack of help was the only drawback, which, however, remains in memory and let me book for the return trip Megabus.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Booking, rebooking and cancellation are easy and straightforward. The comfort on the bus is good and free Wi-Fi is available on most routes (except for int. Routes). Two pieces of luggage per tour are included in the price! Good value for money!', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'I am now driving again and again a good half years, i. E. Several times a month with Flixbus and only rarely by train. So far I have had very nice drivers, the rides were usually punctual or only with little delay and I was ALWAYS satisfied with the condition of the bus. Now and then you have to deal with unpleasant passengers, but since no one can do anything for it, except the people themselves, mostly was also reacted by the driver accordingly. What is unfortunately always a "problem" is the irregular provision of WiFi. Every now and then I have relied on being able to do things in the bus, which unfortunately was not possible. But as there is usually no possibility of Internet access in the train, the WLAN is basically another plus point. Decisive for me as a student is in many places the price, which can usually be undercut in any other way. All in all, I\'m glad about the long-distance bus service and will always come back to it!', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Again and again like, suber buses, nice and funny bus driver, internet however very very weak, nothing brings. Otherwise everything was great.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Bolzano - Munich + ride well used. + Price / performance Internet / Mediacenter unfortunately only on about 50% of the ride available. Mediacenter contents unfortunately always the same. -30min delay (no fault)', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'I drive now and then the distance from Dresden to Leipzig. Recently I drove a longer distance to Saarbrücken and used the night connection. On the whole I am quite satisfied with the service offered - unbeatable in price! The only criticisms are the sometimes very bad ventilation and the sometimes very chaotic check in. Maybe the company could plan a seat assignment in the future; From a technical point of view, this should not be a major problem. So you could look at the online seats still available free seats and then make one of these places his booking. This would also save a lot of time at check-in ...', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'I often went with the Flixbus, I am very satisfied on the whole, buses were 2 times late otherwise top.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'I like to drive and often with Flixbus but it is rather annoying not to drive with a double-decker on the line 052 because it is really crowded at the weekend is always full where I like to avoid the competition because there is more air. So in itself I can not say anything negative (except for a few drivers barely German can let alone announce a safety message on the bus or because it is not in every bus, the automated announcements and despair even in the luggage) In Halle can also Station staff use as hardly a tourist knows where the terminal is and even the drivers do not know it and sometimes completely around the station (even experienced twice) I even volunteer. Otherwise, I am very satisfied and hope that your prices remain stable. The train can pack ... your fan Patti', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'i drive with flixbus at least twice a month and am satisfied so far. Apart from the problem with the internet, I have only once had a masives delay problem. it would be great if there were fortified seats with seating for those cases. I did not have to use the toilets yet, so I can not comment on that. I think the app is great, so that I can book anywhere and no longer need a printer for the ticket. unfortunately the rebooking on the apop does not work yet, but it will certainly be. I am satisfied and will continue to drive.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': "I've been riding with you for a year and have had more good experiences than bad ones. But what is often noticeable are delays because the drivers have to comply with their driving and rest times but this hardly fits into the route planning. It should be planned better. Otherwise always super friendly staff and good late notifications. About the W LAN quality in the buses, I would not complain too much because the technology also plays a role. Your a cheap alternative to train and car.", 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Flixbus / MeinFernbus is a great alternative to Deutsche Bahn. Above all, the option of canceling or rebooking a booked trip until shortly before departure allows for flexibility in travel planning. I can only recommend the company!', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Ferry regularly with you from Bremen to Hamburg and back. Up to a few exceptions, the bus was on time ... and that in the quite demanding situation a.d. Highways. Have 2 times the German railways chosen and each time with considerable delays started, stood on the track, etc., without advance Ingo, that makes her better! WLAN, i yes that could work better, but otherwise everything paletti. Oh yes and the drivers are usually playing on it.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': "Have been with Flixbus for almost a year every now and again! Was already at the Baltic Sea with you in North Rhine-Westphalia, so far you could only complain that not always punctual is driven off! Often it is also the passengers themselves either too late or do not follow the instructions of the bus driver! For disabilities on the way for construction sites, detours, etc., you can not change it! But what I would often wish if I mark your stops even better and with shelters verseht against bad weather! Furthermore, it would be nice that all the buses will be equipped with working outlets, coupled with sufficient coverage of the W Lan's! So dear Flixbus / My coach team there is still much to do! Note: Vlt should you in your check-in on the bus also introduce an identity card control, which prevents the transport of refugees as already read here! (Just a tip)", 'stars': '4'}
{'review': "Hello, I drive now often by long-distance bus through Germany and the only thing that bothers me again and again, is that the bus is often late! I know that sometimes the traffic is stupid, but the worst thing is waiting for passengers !!! Of course, I understand it too, if you arrive too late (can happen to anyone, then you're glad that the bus is waiting), but often it's just because people do not keep the check in. Furthermore, it would be pleasant if the air conditioning systems would work better, the bus is always quite warm and hardly ventilated. Otherwise, everything is ok ... Well your wifi is not exactly the best: / ... Well, thank you for your understanding :)", 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Meinfernbus Flixbus is a satisfactory long-distance bus company. With numerous connections daily. The comfort in the bus itself is highly recommended. There are relatively few to resist, unlike many other companies in the industry. Positive would be for example free Wi-Fi, small selection of snacks and cold drinks on board for a narrow Taler (in some buses with coffee machine), a Nottoilette, air conditioning and on long trips 20 to 30 minute breaks on rest areas to eat. And most importantly, only as many seats are sold as seats are available. The negative was mentioned that a free telephone transfer is missing. Or one without deduction - cancellation.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Delays are acceptable, considering that the bus is dependent on road traffic. WLAN works mostly without problems, sometimes there is even the media center, where you can watch movies for free and read series and newspapers.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': "FlixBus is a great way to travel from A to B comfortably and cheaply, if you are flexible in terms of time and live close to a bus stop (regularly used by me on the route Karlsruhe or Landau <-> Munich). As a student, it's the best way for me to commute to my home country. So far, I was almost always punctual (only 1x 2h late, but I have received a voucher for this) and the organization satisfied. Recently I was also positively surprised about early delays. The WLAN is, if the bus is full, unfortunately not always workable, but I am generally satisfied with the bus equipment. As long as the bus does not become more expensive, I will remain a loyal customer on this route. Longer distances would be worth considering, if not too many stopovers extend the ride. Unfortunately, the bus is sometimes relatively expensive at popular times.", 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'I travel a lot with Flixbus, several times a month, usually. the route Dresden-Berlin. On the whole, I am satisfied. Most of the buses are modern and comfortable, equipped with outlets and (reasonably) working Wi-Fi and the toilets are fine. Now and then is sometimes an older model here, often as a replacement bus, then unfortunately often without, or with retrofitted sockets on top of the luggage rack, which is quite impractical, but at least, and then mostly without WiFi. Unfortunately, I already had a completely broken or heavily worn seat belt 3 times and from time to time you can not adjust the backrest (anymore). 10Min late departures are quite common, probably. 50%, but I do not think so bad. Lately, unfortunately, the significant delays of 30/45 minutes and more (more congestion due to summer holidays?), In more than half of the cases without notification by SMS or staff, which of course, especially at the high temperatures at present (07 + 08/15), and, at least at the stop Dresden Hbf, where there are no shadows or seating, is extremely annoying and sometimes seriously harmful to health. With a corresponding delay message you could at least go somewhere in the shade, but if you do not know when the bus leaves you unfortunately have to stay there. The riders are usually very friendly and all drive absolutely neat. In principle, I find that there is a snack and drink offer (in most buses), but that one must distract by the purchase of the / the driver * during the trip, I think rather not so good. Maybe the concept can be reworked a bit I would like to improve: 1. More frequent control and, if necessary, replacement of seatbelts2. (shady) seating at the stops (Dresden Hbf. and Neustadt!) 3. Improvement of WLan bandwidth and reception "on the flat land", and activation of YouTube;) 4. In the app under "My Tickets" canceled tickets should disappear from the list, which can be rather confusing;) 4. In addition, I would like even more barrier-free buses, even if it does not concern myself. Some are already on the international lines, but there can still be more, because even people with physical impairments want to be mobile. And it should also be marked on the Internet or in the app, whether a particular bus is barrier-free or not.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'I traveled from Milan and Munich with flixbus. Bus punctual, with only one stop of about 30 minutes to San Bernardino. Negative aspects: the wi-fi and the driver who spoke only German.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'I traveled for the first time with a long - distance bus (Berlin - Warnemünde - Berlin) and was really satisfied. The legroom was good, the seats comfortable. For shorter trips (up to 4 hours) I would go back by bus. The only thing that did not work was the Wi-Fi. But on both trips. But since I was able to deal with reading and listening to music, that was not bad for me. Still, it should work if offered.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'The rides are pleasant. Even with a seat neighbor you have enough space. You can take a lot of luggage. Unfortunately, it sometimes pulls on the windows so just wrap a jacket.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'the ride was really good.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'good route network and low prices', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'I always like to drive with the Flixbus, because you can get from A to B comfortably and for a good price. Of course, there are some delays, but the bus drivers can not do anything about it.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Pleasant ride! Wi-Fi unfortunately limited.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': "The bus drivers are friendly, the buses are clean, wifi works well, toilet on board. No real announcement of delays. Sometimes you have to wait 40-50 minutes at the bus stop until the bus arrives. The prices will be higher for the weekend. But now I'm happy with FlixBus!", 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Very good service!', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Good performance for a pleasant price, Wi-Fi is usually not available, but otherwise everything was optimal. I only hope that the latest events (merger with Meinfernbus) will not negatively affect travel prices.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'At flixbus you can travel conveniently, cheaply and easily. However the offered service works with the WLAN only very rarely. In addition, there is unfortunately no media center to watch movies that the competition can already show. All in all, nevertheless good!', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': '-it is always nice, if you can drive with an original bus, because then there are sockets and wireless-super price-last time was even at the luggage loading helped-very punctual', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'So far I could not complain. Rides were fine for the price / performance ratio. Unique: Sometimes not so clean toilets, wifi jerky and outlets not at every seat.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'The only thing that bothers me a bit is that the Wi-Fi is locked after about one and a half to two hours, because you have "exceeded its limit." Otherwise, I really like driving with the Flixbus. Have only had good experiences so far and the customer service is great.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Overall, everything in the green area, would be nice if you could reserve the seats online and the bus driver can also offer their help when off and putting down the suitcases.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'I often drive the line Munich-Freiburg. Always on time (for weather and traffic jams, no one knows what), Wi-Fi now stable throughout. Info about delays for waiting travelers at the intermediate stops must urgently be improved.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'As always, I am very satisfied with the offer. Relatively on time and if not, there is a notification via SMS (apparently this system has been improved in the past, some time ago there were still problems with it). The bus drivers are unobjectionable to very friendly and the bus always pretty well maintained. However, on my route Chemnitz-Erfurt a significant price increase (the best price went up by € 2 in the amount) quite worth mentioning, but still no comparison to the offers of Deutsche Bahn.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': "It's always a good ride on the Flixbus. Buses are well equipped, Wi-Fi works mostly and you get delays on the phone - if you want! Unfortunately, some bus drivers are only there for driving; speak no luggage invitation / projection & is not presented .. but as I said only some. ;) All in all, Flixbus is good. :)", 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'By and large, I am satisfied with the company Flixbus. Both customer service and the bus ride itself are good. Suggestions for improvement would be a free hotline and more cleanliness in the bus toilet.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Flixbus is great! Priced, of course, unbeatable! The buses are well equipped and almost always on time. Only rarely are there delays. Unfortunately, the delay information does not always work.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Bad snowy weather, nevertheless almost on time, everything was clean, also the toilet, internet good, so everything was fine.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Pleasant rides, sometimes very crowded and sometimes too late. You will not be able to change that, but a better app prediction would be great.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'The bus was there early enough so we could leave on time. The ride was very pleasant. The good wireless connection in the bus contributes to their part. In addition, we arrived earlier than stated at the destination. I would recommend Flixbus because of this experience.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'The ride was so far quite good up to the driver of the new bus operator the driver of the company erfmann true better what else would be nice a mediathek as the company Schmidt drives for my Fernbus', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'I use Flixbus frequently as it is cheap and reliable. Who has no problem with the rather limited space in a bus, should change from the train to the long-distance bus. It is much cheaper.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Cheap good connections new buses and reasonable prices. I do sometimes the bus drivers sorry they are overwhelmed especially with full buses with the check-in and luggage jams !!! They do it all alone.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Flixbus is a great alternative to the Deutsche Bahn. In the following I count the advantages and disadvantages. Advantages: - much cheaper than the Bahn- Sitzplatzgarantie- WLAN (sometimes very slow) - mostly clean toiletDisadvantages: - slower than the Bahn- if no direct connections are offered, changing is difficult - not so many daily connections - delays are poorly communicated. (Can happen, congestion, etc ..., the train says already at 5min notice) All in all, I would recommend Flixbus more and more!', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'The company seems to me good and quite reliable. Buses are usually punctual and very rarely (2 times / year) I have a lot of delay because of the bus, even though I drive Flixbus twice a week. It may just lack a subscription opportunity that could be useful for the commuters. The seats and the services offered (toilet, wifi, etc.) are fine. The stop and the schedules are (according to my needs) easily accessible or convenient.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Unfortunately after the merger with MeinFernbus became more expensive and reduced offers to Groningen. Nevertheless still relatively cheap (thanks for the voucher;) and very comfortable. Wi-Fi worked great on my last trip. Bus left a little late, but arrived punctually at the destination.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Flixbus offers the best prices in comparison and brings you a relatively fast from A to B. Mostly on time and always satisfied.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'I use Flixbus very often because I commute between 2 cities. Overall, you can not complain, mostly good buses with high seating comfort. To bemänglen I would have only the weak wireless connection (unfortunately often fails) and some bus drivers are very time pressed and you noticed this also in your driving.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Getting cheap tickets is usually not a problem, even before the ride starts; It is also great that there is internet on the bus and rarely delays', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'To get from one city to another, Flixbus is really well suited. The prices are really good and the Stizmöglichkeiten quite comfortable. Hopefully the prices will remain after the merger. You could improve on the delay information. Sometimes it has happened that you had to wait over 1 hour for the bus, without which you were notified about it or it was in the track information.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'I use the offer of Flixbus twice a week. Apart from delays due to traffic delays, the buses are usually punctual. The buses are very comfortable and much cheaper than any other means of transport. The simple booking process underlines the good service.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Flixbus is a great way to get from A to B cheaply. I like to use the long-distance buses for the connection Wiesbaden - Cologne.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'The coach is a cheap and comfortable alternative to the train. The bus network is growing and so you can get in several locations z.B in Berlin. Wi-Fi on board is sometimes very weak. The buses are new and modern and clean .. In case of problems, the drivers are precocious and endeavored to make the passengers happy. Delays are sometimes not apparent depending on the traffic situation, the Flixbusteam tries to avoid traffic jams and obstacles. Happy to continue like this.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Sometimes the breaks are far too short, 10-15 minutes are not enough, it should always be at least 20 minutes. Sometimes a bit too cool in the bus. Wi-Fi is often not, and not every driver knows his way around, I had to ask the driver several times Sometimes, a non-preheated bus will come downhill, which is very unpleasant in winter everything great.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Unbeatable price. However, you have to adjust to traffic jams and tight seats. Wi-Fi has never worked for me.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Despite the same or slightly longer travel time than the train, it is a pleasant travel experience. =) Always gladly, also because of the favorable prices, v.a. if you book in advance (2-3 weeks before).', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Flixbus offers cheap and comfortable travel. I rode with flixbus on three different routes both inside and outside Germany. I would recommend it in any case.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Despite hammer price always clean, punctual and comfortable. Problems are only common in the Wi-Fi and the few sockets.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'I drive to Hamburg almost every weekend by bus, Flixbus is a very good partner. Good price / quality ratio.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'I drive every second week with the FlixBus between Vienna and Munich and with 2 exceptions everything has always worked out smoothly. The bus is not as fast as the train, but considerably cheaper!', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'I drive twice a week with the FlixBus between Kiel and Lübeck and with two exceptions everything has always worked out smoothly. The bus is also as fast as the train, only considerably cheaper!', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': "All in all, I'm very happy with FlixBus, but the seats may (although I'm very slim) like to be a bit wider, because more space is more comfortable on a long ride and often the routes I drive are except the booked out last place ...", 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'I often travel back and forth between Hamburg and Berlin with the FlixBus and in most cases I am very satisfied. Only the often unusable / closed toilets disturb me, as well as the spare buses, in which not the possibilities (WLAN, sockets, etc.) are available. Otherwise everything is very good, you can quickly and cheaply from A to B and there is no better Alternative.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Drive since the Flix bus is often from Frankfurt to Berlin. Until now there was nothing to complain about! The drivers were always nice and informed about everything. If it stays that way, and also the price, I will continue to be there!', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'cheap and wlan, cool thing', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Finally you can drive over Germany, without spending so much money. Thank flixbus, I will travel more.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'The company "Flixbus" is a very good alternative to Deutsche Bahn. Once you have brought along time, you can drive very cheap from one city to another and very cheap! Furthermore, Flixbus almost always has a socket for a row of seats and Wi-Fi, which one searches in vain at the Deutsche Bahn.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'I have made several trips Cologne-Berlin and back, always with Flixbus. The price-performance ratio is definitely right! For 16 € to Berlin, because you take the length of the trip in purchase. Congestion can not affect Flixbus, so you can not blame you for the dust-related delays .. Internet works for me in the bus, however, never, so a star less. Otherwise, the rides were very pleasant, the seats in order and a socket available.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'I just love you because I do not have to pay that much. Nice to have you.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'As the name almost promises, you are on the road with the F (ixbus) quite fast. The value for money just great and in my opinion superior to any passenger transport. There are deduction points for the partly unfriendly employees / bus drivers, who are usually very stressed, as well as the frequent delays, but this should happen, as factors such as traffic jams are sometimes inevitable.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'I have always arrived well with FlixBus and had friendly drivers. However, they take 15 minutes longer than the other bus lines.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Relatively reliable, punctual and very comfortable at a great value for money.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Even if the process sometimes seems somewhat disorganized: The price-performance ratio is unbeatable! Top!', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Again and again a good travel method, which you can claim spontaneously!', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Comfortably safe and super cheapPostival surprised', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Cheap deals and reliable connections, new lines to Salzburg and Vienna awarded', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'So far I have always been very satisfied. Good and safe from A to B, especially for a low price compared to other travel options.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'With good prices and service, my first choice is always', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Cheaper, more punctual and more convenient than by train.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Cheap and usually on time, and good, that late info via SMS', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Always good prices and service', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'With my previous Flixbusfahrten I was quite satisfied. However, when changing / canceling, unlike e.g. Meinfernbus, a fee which is deducted from the voucher.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Basically, FlixBus is very good, but unfortunately I had 6 times 2 times late, once 3 hours, but this was always communicated by SMS and once 1 hours', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Twice there was a delay by bus, but no one can see the traffic on the highway. Great value for money, clean buses, relaxed booking of tickets!', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Bus is comfortable, modern and equipped with Wi-Fi. The only drawback are the delays, but I take for the price and the convenience gladly in purchase.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'cheap and practical, but there are sometimes late', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'So far, everything has always worked well', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Actually everything has worked. Enough space - fast & secure; a deduction because the bus was a little late;', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': "Have used Flixbus often and I'm super satisfied. During my trips (Frankfurt-Dusseldorf) the bus was always punctual until now. Use the offer at least once a month. The buses are mostly comfortable and the value for money is also great. There is a point deduction from me, because on my last drive, the driver drove quite awful and then also kept unscheduled to refuel his bus and clean it. Do not go for me during a ride. Could he have done after this trip, since we were only 20 minutes away from the target.", 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Positive: - legroom - clean toilets - mostly the cheapest ones Negative: - not always on time and then no late SMS - not always the nicest bus driver', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Unfortunately not always on time, because the bus drivers have to keep to predetermined breaks and traffic congestion sometimes slow down the operation. The drivers are very nice and happy to help with the loading of luggage. Overall, a very good alternative to the Deutsche Bahn.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'The service is very good onboard but the service is miserable for delays', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Cheaper and more reliable than the train.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': "The journey on the Flixbus is very good. I save a lot of money and can drive comfortably to my desired location without having to pay attention to the strikes of the DB. The bus rides were always very nice and even as a small accident with the bus we were kept by the driver in a mood and individually after our health. The only thing that I liked something negative is the quality of the Internet. So I have to say unfortunately that this is useless. You can neither watch videos on Youtube or answer correctly in WhatsApp. But since it is about traveling by bus, that's not so bad and because of the low price I forget something like that.", 'stars': '4'}
{'review': "Cheap, nice drivers ... overall, I'm really satisfied.", 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Cheap long-distance bus', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': "everything's o.k. and nice drivers.", 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Flixbus is a great alternative to the German train!', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'I used Flixbus some time ago and was pleasantly surprised. The time flew by. The service was great and the price was unbeatable. Safe transportation from a to b. Recommend value. I will use it again soon', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Everything was going great all at once. The bus was about 45 minutes late and you have not even received a text message as a warning.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Absolute leader in Germany! Keep it up', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'So far no bad experiences.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Bus drivers are often short-circuited and the communication of delays is not proactive (eg I have never received a late SMS).', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'I like driving with the FlixBus because it is mostly punctual and above all it is a wonderful, cheap alternative to train. I use long-distance buses since they exist in Germany and have switched from another company to Flixbus. In most cases, the drivers and guides are friendly and helpful. In the bus I find it quite comfortable and I am always happy that in any case I have to pay extra without a fortune to have a comfortable place to sit safely.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': "Although the bus can not always be punctual due to traffic jams etc. (which is, of course, self-explanatory), nevertheless it is a good means of transport that reliably transports its passengers from a to b. Personally, I've only experienced nice drivers so far and can recommend the FlixBus in any case.", 'stars': '4'}
{'review': "Overall, I'm very satisfied. The buses are new and clean, the staff friendly. On some routes the buses are even faster than the train. Well, I also find that there are now more and more lines, even outside the really big cities (pour - Paderborn is eg faster than the train). The prices are of course hard to beat anyway. Improvement would be in my opinion the wireless in the bus. In some cities, the bus stations are unfortunately pretty dirty, but on flixbus has probably little influence.", 'stars': '4'}
{'review': "I like to travel with the flixbus and for a student with a long-distance relationship it is a cost-effective alternative to train or car. Too bad I find it only that there is no connection from Emden. Personally, I would be very happy for a stretch from Emden to Paderborn. Maybe it's possible to do that soon :)", 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'I regularly use the FlixBus between Dusseldorf and Bremen. Unfortunately, I have already experienced immense delays, but since the company can not do anything for. The bus drivers are usually very friendly and easy in dealing with the guests. It is very relaxed from A to B. There is always enough space to do a few things for the university or to watch movies on the LapTop. It would be nice if you were really always informed about delays and the Wi-Fi is bad grottenschlecht.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'I use the Flixbus frequently on the route between Mainz and Cologne and am very satisfied. The rides run smoothly and usually on time, the buses are not crowded and the prices are reasonable, the only drawback, the Wi-Fi works practically never!', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'I am very happy to be flixbus customer the staff is super friendly and helpful, the buses are on time and the prices are good, I would recommend Flixbus.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Only little things that are annoying. Overall, all right', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Flixbus is a very good alternative to the train. You have to plan a bit more time, but the price is unbeatable. Thumbs up!', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Very reliable. Particularly noteworthy is the delay service, which usually works reliably.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'So far only pleasant bus rides experienced. The drivers have always brought us safely and usually on time to their destination. For the price a great travel opportunity.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'So far I have only had good experiences with Flixbus! Most sympathetic bus drivers and relative punctuality ... At first you were still informed about delays etc via SMS .. you do not do that anymore ... too bad ... so you could adjust a bit better ... and the toilets. ..that has always been a problem..they were very often very dirty and were not cleaned in between times ...', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': '... unfortunately only very rarely on time.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Cheap offers throughout Germany! For 18 euros from Frankfurt to Berlin in 6.5 hours is a dream for students!', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': "I took the Flixbus from Munich to Frankfurt. Everything was fine- only on the way back the bus had to about half an hour's delay. On the whole it was a pleasant ride!", 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'The driver is usually very friendly, sometimes there are language barriers, but nothing that is insurmountable. Unfortunately, the WLAN rarely works. The cleanliness in the bus is satisfactory. Travel times and punctuality are almost without exception optimal.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Checkout, equipment of coaches and punctuality are absolutely satisfactory. However, information about replacement buses, information about delays during the Fart and the use of replacement buses would be desirable.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Simply cheap and without complications. A good alternative to the car or the train!', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'All in all, I like traveling with the Flixbus because of the low travel price. Also the number of connections is more than adequate. What I do not like is that the drivers are not familiar with the services of Flixbus, so some did not know that and if there are the QR codes for 10Stamps and one did not want to let me ride, because I "only" had the ticket from the app, which is synchronized after purchase in the app. He insinuated to me that I had not paid. I will still continue to drive Flixbus and hope that the bus drivers will be better trained in the future!', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Have so far made positive experiences with my trips in the FlixBus. Only the fact that the toilets are occasionally broken, limits my satisfaction.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Tlw varies greatly in quality depending on the subcontractor, but mostly positive experiences and unbeatable prices', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'The Flixbusses are usually punctual, there are additional employees at busy Busbahhöfen who answer questions and guide them to the right bus. The prices have risen a bit, but probably can not be avoided. I would be happy if the route network would be further expanded quickly. Definitely a perfect alternative to the overpriced track.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Teething problems are always there in the beginning. It bothers me that the travel times are calculated very tight, so that it must come especially in the later afternoon inevitably to delays. Unfortunately, they are not always communicated in time, so you can in Cologne on the extremely uncomfortable Breslauer place persevere - worse it is only in the Gummersbacher Str. The drivers are super-friendly and helpful! With a very safe and prudent driving style - which is very important to me as an anxious rider. Another small drawback: Not all buses have the right QR code for collecting points.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'The bus was punctual and arrived with 5 minutes late, because of a construction site on the highway. Legroom is a bit scarce. The price is unbeatable.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'If you are late due to traffic jams a very good and cheap alternative to the train', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': '- low prices - Wi-Fi access works stutter-free on the entire journey - no compensation for serious delays (price reduction, vouchers) - not yet fully developed system for announcing delays (could happen much earlier and more extensive!)', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Although prices have risen lately, Flixbus is still the cheaper and mostly far more reliable alternative to the train. The only downside is the comparatively few travel options per day - I hope for an expansion of the offer, in order to come at other times of day than previously offered from A to B.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': "My wife and I often rode this bus. This is super cheap and great place. The toilet is there too. Do not worry on the way. We can also surf the Internet and charge an empty mobile phone battery. Unfortunately, sometimes the internet does not work well, but it does work, cheaper. The bus does not always arrive punctually, but it does not wait that long. That's a great choice, a long drive, but cheap!", 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'I would like firm seats as well as better luggage control (eg numbering under disclaimer) great. The service is generally good. Internet works and sometimes not, because you can never rely on it. Driver mostly friendly and outgoing. However, holding does not always tell you where you are at the moment, which can lead to confusion, if not miss, of the place of departure, especially if you lack local knowledge. Also, not always the notes (eg for seat belt) announced. This information should urgently be provided by every driver', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Not very fast Wi-Fi but otherwise good!', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': "I have driven several times with Flixbus. Unfortunately, he was often late, but that's because I drive at peak times. Super cheap alternative, the bus was always clean and Wi-Fi impeccable. Will drive again with Flixbus.", 'stars': '4'}
{'review': "I often drive the route from Berlin to Rostock and back again. The FlixBus is a good and cheap alternative to the train. The drivers are always friendly and drive safely to the destination. However, there have been delays, especially from Berlin to Rostock, because the bus from Munich comes and once through Germany drives. Long delays I would have liked sometimes a little attention. Toilets could be kept cleaner and the wifi is not always good. But I'm happy with the FlixBus! ^^", 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'I already have some Flixbusfahrten behind me and I am on the whole pretty satisfied. It would be more enjoyable if the quality of the buses and drivers would not quite scattered. I still had the best rides at the beginning. Finally, there was even a 3/4 hour departure delay, although this would have been easily avoided. No apology, coupons or similar.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Flixbus is a great way to get from A to B cost-effectively and conveniently. Precisely because of the technical equipment, so that the residency time passes quickly, while you can do something for college or work. Unfortunately, the bus drivers sometimes seem a bit uninformed, if they do not know if a second bus is provided and when it comes. In most cases, then the replacement buses are still outdated in higher passenger numbers, so that the comfort leaves something to be desired.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': "Flixbus is the only long distance bus provider with whom I drive since then and I am quite satisfied with Flixbus.Schoener bus, nice bus driver, pleasant climate .... the only thing that bothers me so much is the reliability related to the delays. Flixbus is almost always late for several minutes. But that's the only thing I have to stop", 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'The cheap alternative to the train.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'very good value for money', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Cheaper you can hardly travel and for that service and offer are very good.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Usually on time', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'cheap and fast super !!!', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'You do not have the danger of traveling by train, so you have to spend your travel time standing up. The low prices can even keep up with prices of a ride. And by free Wi-Fi, the journey time passes super fast.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'As a frequent Vienna Munich driver much better than Meinfernbus.de, because the highway is not on the same travel time. Too bad that Westbahn / Flixbus has been discontinued. The buses were always only half occupied. Wi-Fi unfortunately not in Austria and in the many buses Oberbayern replacement buses', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'I like to use it because the prices are great. However often not exactly in the morning on time. I often come across as a commuter. Otherwise nice drivers and good service.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Super service, in case of delays you will be notified by SMSSuper nice Mitarbeiter.Bin satisfied with everything', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'as long as you do not travel on long WE it is rather problematic from Sunday to Sunday in Leipzig - repeated late and unclear communication from the flixbusCentrale- perhaps Leipzig should get a ZOB currently you are only on the Goethestrasse and waiting waiting for which bus around the corner turns and then it is again one of the green which are not so unpunctual are unbeatable price!', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Although the bus was usually about 30 minutes late, but since this occurs in the car by traffic jam and the train as often, FlixBus priced but very much cheaper, FlixBus is for me the first choice.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'I drive more often with Flixbus because Flixbus are the only long-distance buses that take children for free.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'My trips with the Flixbus were always impeccable and almost always punctual. However, the ferry should refrain from talking on the phone - albeit with hands-free - it simply distracts too much!', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'With the drivers, I have always been very satisfied, nice, helpful, from time to time unfortunately too bad communication, regarding late. In the bus and also by sms or e-mail before the ride. The toilets are good, the rides are cheap and in case of problems, the driver is always an ear open. Unfortunately Internet does not usually radio, or very slowly, but it does not make it even in the competitive! In short: I would recommend it!', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Punctuality is clearly related to traffic on the roads. You have to be prepared, it is not even the independent rail network. The travel times are usually once in the morning and once at noon, sometimes less or more. Flexibility is thus limited. The prices are unbeatable, please stay with it! At such prices, I can also do without the best conscience on more comfort. The W-LAN in the bus works depending on the distance and Passagiersanzahl.Da I drive from my place of study from time to time in my hometown and now even as a student can not bear high travel costs, Flixbus is my number one point of contact when I look for rides you can not have everything together: Cheap prices, numerous rides, first-class comfort, etc. should be clear to everyone and I think Flixbus has made a very good compromise of everything.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'The rides are great and cheap. I am grds. very satisfied!!!', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Flixbus is very cheap compared to other companies. Traveling is usually made quite pleasant, but is usually due to external circumstances (low speed, traffic jams, etc.) quite strenuous on longer routes.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': "You can not complain about the prices. Sometimes you get stuck in a traffic jam, but that's just how it is. However, I would like to have some buses even more sockets!", 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Flixbus offers numerous connections and constantly increases the offer. Unfortunately, I often had to accept high delays of over an hour. However, this is justified by the general traffic situation. Basically, trips with the Flixbus are relatively cheap and stress-free. Unfortunately, I noticed a rise in the price level.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': "The value for money is right and I'm happy with the bus. However, I drove yesterday by bus from Tübingen to Schwenningen and he arrived unfortunately with 1 hour delay, but without any message (SMS). That was the only thing I would complain about. Besides that, everything is okay :)", 'stars': '4'}
{'review': "You have enough space in the bus compared to the competition. The offers are usually quite good. The WLAN rarely works. The drivers have been safe so far. The service of an SMS in case of delay of a bus still needs to be improved - apparently the central offices are not always contacted in case of a delay by the drivers or whatever happens there. In summary, one can say that here is the largest route network for the most favorable prices and the largest, we call it 'comfort' '(especially with trips> 3 hours should you pay attention) offered.", 'stars': '4'}
{'review': "I like to travel with Flixbus, because the buses are usually on time, you will be notified if they are late, there are many connections and you can travel comfortably and cheaply. The only criticism are the recent low but continuously rising prices, which at some point just too high costs can be feared. That's why I only award 4 out of 5 stars.", 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'I think a great idea. .price price and very comfortable :)', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'The bus was already there before the departure time. This is more of an exception on my track. It could well be that this time I had driven to a different time. Hopefully keep it up!', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'If you just want a cheap trip from A to B and can do without some comfort, Flixbus is the place for you.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Flixbus is a good travel option. They are almost always on time, the staff is friendly and the prices are great.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'I find you track of my long-distance bus very well. The wireless on board is very reliable and allows working on the go, also the ride staff is very friendly and courteous. About the prices I can not complain. The only thing that bothers me are the rarely Fahrten.So the bus goes from Dortmund to Kassel only 1 time a day. In other long-distance travel companies, however, up to 4 times a day. Otherwise, I can highly recommend FlixBus', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Already a parmal with Flixbus driven ... was up to be satisfied once, as a 25 minute delay was not announced and the ladies in the call center were overwhelmed .. that was a bit annoying', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'The price is simply unbeatableWe hope that it stays that way for some routes I leave my car and drive rather with the bus But repost posting and Bavarian is a bit inconvenient and in such things, the staff are annoyed!', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'My second first trips with Flixbus were not easy, because there were delays, but in the next trips I got good service.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Comfortable and cheap. Unfortunately, it does not always work, with a notification via SMS for delays.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'A cheap alternative to the Deutsche Bahn! I regularly drive the route from Bremen to Lübeck and would pay € 33-40 each way by train. With Flixbus I come there at most 11 euros each way. My tip: enjoy late in the evening or early in the morning, in the afternoon buses often arrive too late, depending on where they are coming from.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'We left on time, from Berlin. But already halfway there was no more water in the bus toilet. Almost the gasamte long distance to Cologne we were on time. But just before the finish a long traffic jam in the right lane. Instead of the driver had changed the track, he stood stubborn right. The two other tracks rolled. That brought us a whopping half hour delay extra, so close to the finish.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'With the rides (more than 10) everything has become better in the course of time, unfortunately the bus still does not run from Bochum. Then there is the thing with the sockets, which unfortunately are not as desired.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': "Basically, I am very satisfied with the services of Flixbus. The only flaw that I have to cite is that often the toilets on the vehicles are inadequately cleaned. Until now, all the buses I've traveled with were punctual. I drive exclusively the route Bamberg - Stuttgart / Airport.", 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Sometimes a little too late, but otherwise one of the best! Good price. Nice drivers', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Reasonable comfort at reasonable price, so perfectly fine. The only point of criticism would be that delays of buses on the Internet usually appear only after the bus has arrived. Sure, on congestion and the like Flixbus has no influence, so is to be expected delays. However, it would be nice if the information in the route information would be entered more quickly.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': "The Flixbus is a great alternative to the train, it's a totally comfortable and relaxing ride and also cheap.", 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'I drive the route from Berlin to Hamburg regularly. The buses are 90% on time, for traffic jam on the road, no one can do anything. The bus drivers are friendly and help with the suitcase loading. Especially great is that 2 suitcases can be taken for free. Some of the tickets are also cheap to buy shortly before departure and there are regular discounts. It is a pity that especially in this section often drives a spare bus, which offers no Wi-Fi. In addition, it would be desirable to be able to rebook a purchased ticket at no extra cost, which is not the case.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Very reasonably priced, reliable Reisemöglichkeit.Connections in almost all major cities.Longer delays rarely experienced so far. Of course, unfortunately much longer travel times than the absurdly overpriced train.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': "Everything is impeccable, simple, safe and fast. I'm very happy with flixbus. But 1 criticism is that if you book for toddlers tickets extra charge must call.", 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'I can only recommend ! The offers are in contrast to other providers significantly cheaper. The rides are always pleasant and the drivers friendly. Always happy !', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'In northern Germany, the route network is not developed satisfactorily. Connection Hamburg - Flensburg does not exist de facto and can be reached with the FlixBus only over Hamburg - Kiel, change, Kiel - Flensburg. However, only theoretically - waiting for the connection is unjustifiable. Occasionally slightly late. Otherwise great service, easy booking, reasonable prices, many offers and friendly staff', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Although the Flix always comes too late, that would be recommended. the ride is very pleasant.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Previous trips were reliable and punctual. The offers invite you to spontaneous trips. The connection to the local connections is sometimes not optimal.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'A lot of connections within Germany and there are more and more to it. Good app that always informed in a timely manner.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Flixbus has a dense network and offers unbeatable prices for special offers. The journey on the bus is very comfortable and with access to electricity and internet time flies by. The booking by website is very simple and intuitive and lists the necessary information. Only the frequent delays provide grounds for criticism.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': "I have to admit that it often happened that Flixbus was not the cheapest bus connection on my route. And that's why I've been a stranger to a few times ;-) Overall, I find the offer and the service pretty good, only improvement would be a more consistent notification of delays. Yes, the delays ... You always like to complain about the train and its delays, but who ever got stuck with the car in traffic jams and rush hour, will be able to imagine that buses are affected. And all bus providers. As I said, I have already driven with different bus lines and delays are somehow a part of it. My conclusion: Thank you for the competition in long-distance traffic. I thank the low prices and the delays benevolent!", 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'I have been driving the Berlin-Rostock route for a year and have had good experiences with Flixbus. The prices were so far very cheap (5-9 €). However, since the route is only used once a day and Flixbus is getting better known, even two weeks before the quota of low prices is fully booked. It often comes to delays and on existing Wi-Fi or working toilet is not always reliable. However, the safety on the road, what matters in the end, is always given.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Seat reservation should be possible for free. BUSISTERS are better trained (friendliness and customer orientation)', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'My experience with Flixbus: Positive: As good as always on time and much cheaper than for example the train, even if you do not book a week in advance. Secure buses with sockets under the seats. Negative: WLAN does not always work', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Flixbus is one of the cheapest companies that take me from Dresden to Berlin or sometimes somewhere else. The bus drivers are always friendly. Unfortunately, sometimes the WLAN does not work, which is annoying. For other bus companies, however, I have found this problem much more often. Flixbus has in my eyes the best value for money.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': "I travel relatively frequently with the Flixbus and am always satisfied. The buses usually go on time, the comfort is not to be criticized and the drivers are friendly. However, the booking of tickets is often a difficult task due to the mostly congested website. Just canceling or redeeming coupons is often a problem if the server suddenly crashes during the booking process. If Flixbus is still working on it, I'm completely satisfied.", 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Prices are reasonable. Seat slightly hard. Will be uncomfortable while driving. Most bus drivers are nice.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': "if you want to travel cheaper than by train, you can not get around Flixbus. Only the delays due to current traffic conditions on the roads are not always so great. But if you give his mobile number when buying tickets, you will be informed in time. So all in all, a round thing, with the car or train, it's usually not faster.", 'stars': '4'}
{'review': "Transport conditions i.A. it's perfectly alright.; Booking conditions partly-partly ...", 'stars': '4'}
{'review': "So far, I have only had good experiences to the Flixbussen. Delays have been communicated to me in time by SMS, but I have also noticed that not every passenger receives a notification, and often there is confusion, because some get notice, and others do not. Otherwise, I personally can not complain, since I'm as good as always timely and safely arrived at my destination. The only drawback are the twice as expensive prices, if you want to buy the tickets DIRECTLY on the bus. I can not understand, after all, these customers always take the risk, just to get NO card anymore. And then you pay twice as much for this risk? This is definitely not understandable and should really be changed in my opinion.", 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Sometimes my bus is later.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': "It is a cheap transportation company, you should not expect too much, you get exactly what you pay for. The comfort is on an acceptable level, more than 5 hours I would not want to spend the bus. You run the risk of landing in a traffic jam, so there are often delays, but no one can do anything. The drivers are indeed: tired and a bit listless. I do not think it's really scary now, the profit is more than modest, it saves money on every corner. Feel that people live in a dream world, for 20 euros: from A to B in a luxury bus + 2 highly motivated drivers who massage you ... go", 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'On the whole, I can only recommend driving with FlixBus. Personally, I usually drive the route Hamburg-Berlin and back again. I always get the times where usually two buses are used. Both of them drive safely and I do not always understand why one bus is taken to the last seat and sometimes only 10 people are seated in the other bus. If anyway two buses go, then you can spread that better.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'A media library is missing, otherwise there is hardly anything to complain about. The buses are relatively punctual and I have come so well from A to B.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'The Flixbus is a good alternative to the train. The route network is optimally developed. However, often times can not be kept.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'So far I have always been very happy with Flixbus. Chemnitz - Nuremberg was very punctual, gladly again!', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Cheap tickets, comfortable buses with good facilities. Most of the time the buses are on time. The booking system could be improved. There were a couple of hiccups while driving with backup buses.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'So far, I am quite satisfied. Delays could be better communicated. Seats are comfortable, buses usually not too crowded. Keep it up.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Flixbus provides good buses with comfortable seats, the prices are usually really fine. Compared to the train or other buses already top value for money. The staff is usually courteous and also willing to think and act practically, and not blindly, when the situation requires it - as in the case of rail - to invoke compliance with all contractual standards and principles and thus not as a help Page to stand. Very good!', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': "Unfortunately, I noticed that lately prices went up..I think it's a pity. Otherwise great service.", 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'My previous experience with Flixbus (about 30 trips) are very good. It is a cheap alternative to train and car. The feeling of security is good; most rides would be on time. Only the occasional use of relatively uncomfortable replacement buses affects the positive overall impression', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Only criticisms / Suggestions for improvement: -WLAN too slow for meaningful use-Better notification of customers in case of delays', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'FlixBus is the alternative to train and car for me. Good connections, friendly bus drivers, comfortable driving, small price. At the Punktlicheit or realistic arrival times but still needs to be worked.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'good choice of offers at any time with good prices, but the route bremen hamburg has in my opinion a bit more expensive! save drive. unfortunately sometimes a bit crowded in the bus. toilets stink too much bus driver could also be a little friendlier. otherwise I like to travel with flixbus and eigendlich even regularly like to continue.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'The value for money is true. The bus drivers are usually very nice and drive dutifully. The only thing I criticize is that there have been latencies of up to 45min lately. comes and in the fewest cases by SMS (indicating the mobile number) is informed and the telephone service is not always satisfactory. Several times I received incorrect coupon codes, so I had to call for a fee. This should be an exception.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'The bus was driven to the minute and arrived on time. Luckily it was not as busy as usual most of the time. It was all fine and ok.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'If you have time reserves, Flixbus offers, because the journey is often much cheaper. The price is the main criterion. In itself it is a very comfortable traveling when the roads are clear.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'So far I have always driven the route Berlin-Rostock and vice versa for 5-9 €. For this I have regular departure delays of about 15 minutes, broken toilets and not available Wi-Fi in purchase. For the price you can also make compromises. The safety while driving was always given and I have always felt safe and well. However, the prices have risen so that I now also partially use Meinfernbus, since the same price of 11 € a bit better equipment and quality is offered (WC , punctual departure).', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Clear service to book tickets online. Flixbus offers a very pleasant ride with regard to comfort, value for money and friendliness. Apart from that, there is only occasionally a lack of helpfulness in the luggage, since suitcases and backpacks from time to time are heavier and you need assistance. Otherwise, there is nothing more to bemaengeln .Many Thanks!', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'easy booking, usually cheaper price, delays could be communicated earlier', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'I am almost always satisfied, but unfortunately the rows of seats are often too close to each other that you hardly have room for your legs.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Flixbus is for me as a frequent traveler a perfect and cheap alternative to the train. The prices and the comfort of the Flixbus are always very good. You could still work on punctuality on downhills.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'I think the bus should be on time. otherwise all passengers will be late for their businesses.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'You travel very comfortably. Until now, despite frequent use, there have never been any delays> 10 min. The drivers are mostly very friendly, except for a case in which snippy my polite request for help with the loading of my suitcase was refused ("I look like a pack donkey ?!") and other passengers had to help (04.08.2014, 12: 3 pm Berlin Südkreuz to Dresden). The advertised Wi-Fi is often not available or the signal is very weak. Ticket cancellation via website was not possible on several occasions, but there was no reaction to cancellation via email. As long as the prices remain so cheap, I will continue to use the Flixbus service.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'I have often driven with Flixbus, I like the simple booking on the Internet (ticket comes via email, showing on the phone is enough). Delays are usually announced via text message, otherwise you have to inform yourself on the website. Had very nice and relaxed bus driver (with one exception), the buses were clean and also usually punctual (there were only delays on Fridays), and the price of the Flixbusse are clearly the best. Have already tested other long-distance buses, Flixbus has been here always my clear favorite, especially for frequent trips clear alternative to the train. The only criticism is the stop (Cologne). It could be clearer where to wait. Otherwise, gladly again.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Everything was great! The Flixbus to Berlin was super punctual and surprisingly comfortable, driver was nice, the toilet was clean and it was cheap. Basically have no real criticisms, the one star I have deducted, so as not to be called a "fake rating";)', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'I have often ridden FlixBus. It is very convenient that there is the possibility to carry a lot of luggage (two suitcases and hand luggage), so you can easily pack even for a longer trip. The buses were always clean and you have, even with longer trips, enough legroom. If the traffic conditions allow the buses are punctual. Unfortunately, the wireless not always perfect. Also if the rides (due to the many stops) take longer than by train or a ride, I can only recommend a trip with FlixBus.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Cheaper than carpooling convenient bus-friendly, helpful staff. Unfortunately there are also from time to time also big delays, it would be better, if the bus opener on the day would drive! Wi-Fi is not available in every bus.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'I think FlixBus is very good. The delays are quickly announced via the mobile phone, unfortunately they are very common :-( What I do not like is that one of the drivers always calls loudly, but the other drivers are always very attentive and nice. Always a pleasant ride.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Never had problems, always on the minute punctual and nice bus driver & for these prices you will rarely find something comparable.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'For some time now runs on the route Göttingen-Dresden a long-distance bus in the Association Flixbus. Since I drive back and forth about once a month, this offer was an asset to me. From now on, I no longer have to use the often unreliable and expensive train. In addition, the bus is a bit faster than the train connection, and you do not have to change. Delays have not been greater than 10 minutes so far, having used the offer 7 times back and forth. Coffee is available on board from the thermos at reasonable prices. The point of departure for the departure point in Göttingen (purchase park), which is poorly connected to public transport, and the reliability of the timetable are worthy of improvement. This is published about 4 weeks in the Veraus and changed often, even after bookings were already possible. Refunds are then easily possible, but reliable is different.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Perfect communication, also comfort and price ratio, flexibility. The only disadvantage - possible delays because of police control.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Professional staff members who provide instructions and address questions in a polite way. Free Wifi on coaches, clean and comfortable buses.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Have only had good experiences with Flix. Have taken flix between Copenhagen and Jutland sometimes and it has been just fine. The only downside is they do not really hold somewhere you can buy coffee or a little to eat. Since I had a lot of receipts, I wrote it just to them and they put them together for one proof without rubbish. Departure on time and always arrive safely. Good prices, especially when you are a student. Going with flix this weekend and have just booked the ticket to Berlin. The drivers I have met have all been both good and helpful.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Very ok service if buses are not packed.  More than on time. As there is not only positive comments I would put my veto on the state of the toilets and the lack of break  time.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Coach, driver, comfort, timing - all good. But no informant/ information at the boarding point (Leipzig).', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Good service, on time departure and arrival. Kind staffs.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': "Additionally to be done in German, all stops need to be announced in the English language. Germany hosts a tremendous amount of foreigners, yet non-German speakers mostly; please make them feel home. That wouldn't do anything but increasingly grow your customer base.Thank you!", 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'I heard some harsh opinions about Flixbus (especially regarding the behaviour of the drivers) - but I took a trip from Prague to Znojmo and I had no problems really. It was fine.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Flixbus is great for budget travelers. One thing to keep in mind is that you cannot book seats while booking your tickets, so booking early and being early at the station will not guarantee best seats. In some cities it is really hard to find the Flixbus stop, even with google maps.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'A very useful travel means for unplanned trips and cheaper costs', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'It was a nice experience. The drivers were very helpful with the luggage. The only bad thing was that the air conditioning system was on I guess.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'it is a nice company. just need few improvements regarding suggestions provided. also please let the driver speak announcements also in English', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Punctual service, comfortable bus, clean.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'There was no internet and no electricity to recharge mobile.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': "The trip was all in all pleasant. The only things that bothered us a little were that the bus departure was delayed, the bus arrived around at least 30 minutes late and it wasn't announced. This affected our whole schedule for the day, we had people waiting for us on arrival to wroclaw and being late created some frictions. Also, the bus driver could have been more helpful :)", 'stars': '4'}
{'review': "I think it's the best means to travel for a student. Because provide you with all the necessary service and plus they reach on time. Maybe the only thing they could improve upon are to add some night time buses to so that more people can commute throughout the night and visit more places and return back the next morning as fresh as the new sun.", 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'OK, but internet on the bus did not work, and all announcements were only in French.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Quite good price/performance. Would be better if they had an indication of Flixbus such as a flag at the departure points.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'The travel was OK.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': "Great bus, modern, clean and tidy. Had 0 problem whatsoever. Internet is great, really a luxury on longer trips. Drivers professionals, also no comment. Overall great. 2 downsides, 1 is more of a personal thing.. 1. There was 25min late departure from Maribor, which I didn't appreciate, but it's understandable because on longer distances anything can cause you a delay. The second thing is that I am a taller guy, and therefore I didn't really had enough room for my legs... This was a nuisance from time to time as the bus hit some bumps of holes on the road my knees got hit by the seat in front of me. Otherwise a great experience, would definitely recommend, didn't have any problems with payment or tickets. The mobile app is also helpful.", 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'I recommend Flixbus to all', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Bus is clean, comfortable with charging ports. Could be better if wifi is unlimited and the signs at the pick up place can be more visible as we had a hard time finding it. Overall it is a good choice for inter state travel in Italy.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': "Overall: super clean, punctual and friendly drivers. Small issues: seats aren't that comfortable if you are over 6 feet tall, and the head rests are low and not adjustable, and there are only full-sized power outlets available (we only had USB power cables this trip).In the end: I would definitely use Flixbus again, and I'd plan better for next time :)", 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'First time and enjoyed. On timeWas as I expected. Will come next time.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Good n cool ride but the bus stations need to be advertised better.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Good alternative for cheap travel. Almost as good as train travel for a fraction of the price.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': "Driver was good and  and polite and speaks english. Departure place wasn't good, there is afew place to seat internet wasn't perfect but was ok and there is plug under your seat and it was perfect", 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'In the bus was smell of toilet', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'I went from Milan - Bergamo to Genova, it was nice ride, the bus came in Milan on time, but to Genova about 40 minutes later. But it was nice, comfortable and I really recommend this bus to you.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Convenient price and well oriented drivers , but bad wifi onboard', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Enjoyed the way and the condition of the bus.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'it was a nice and comfortable trip.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': "I am always using only FLIXBUS, because i feel calmly with professional team. Sometimes it's late 10 to 50 minutes, but i think its normal. Also, i hope i will use the internet in the future better.", 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'If you are going to travel and you are not decided. Choose Flixbus!', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'I enjoyed the trip and it was functional. Pity about the internet connection.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Comfortable, pretty quick and super easy to book online', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': "It's the first time I took the Flixbus. In general, the service of the company are at par with the services you get from train. Of course, the time travel is another matter and cannot be compared with either the fast train and air travel. For the price and the services, it's the most you can have. I don't know how it could be resolved by the bus companies such as Flixbus but maybe they could think of better ways to provide more comfortable travel. It's not easy to sit a 12-14 hour travel. At one point, the seats were too sliding that you can't really stay seated properly without slipping so it's really impossible to get a good sleep. Couldn't Flixbus offer a bed (sleeper-bus or cabin/pods) facility for a night trip?", 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'The travel is very happy. It has a comfortable environment. But the wifi is really bad.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'As expected. I booked a trip with stops, 9 in total, too many now that I think about it. Otherwise, bus is clean, chairs recline, outlet st every seat to plug electronics, and air. Carry a neck pillow or you will not be able to sleep!', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Very good company, easy to buy tickets and very relaxing trip. The only drawback is that the bus had a short space for legs and also for hand-luggage.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': "It was a comfort trip, time-schedule was accurate, wifi was good. The driver did not know English so since I'm not a German it was quite difficult to communicate", 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'nice, with a little delay', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Flixbus...friendly, clean and comfortable', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Need to manage luggage stowage rather than leave to passengers.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Great adventure, easy to catch, very clean, free wifi', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Cheap, fast and friendly. The only downside that the bus I had booked got cancelled at the last minute. But, I was rebooked on a later bus automatically (I got an email notification) and was only delayed by one hour (however, this was late at night... still a bit worrying for a woman travelling alone)', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'On time , luggage perfect way, driver very cool and helpful', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': "I used FlixBus several times during my 2 weeks Germany tour and it was great value for money. Buses are comfortable, air conditioned, with adequate leg space at the seats and free Wifi on board. Always on time except only once. Ability to reschedule your departure time very easily with only a tiny rescheduling fee. All in all I had a very good experience with FlixBus and I would definitely use it again as it's much much cheaper than the train service in Germany.", 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Flixbus is one of the better bus companies.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'overall good experience and more than I expected despite some negative reviews. Would be great if you can reduce change over time for the driver.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Great service and very affordable Bus was waiting at station 30 min before departure. Driver was very helpful to people walking by and asking him questions on other bus pickups ext', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Good connection to Munich airport. Good value for money.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'It was my first time using Flixbus and it was overall a pleasant ride from Rostock to Berlin Tegel Airport.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'I think i will book with you on my next travel..Thank you!', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'We were a little late on our trip, but it was ok. The brakes could be longer, and there could be some better A/C, but generally the trip was pleasant. I recommend these buses.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Great Service!', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Everything superb except for the punctuality! 1h40min delay in the middle of the night makes for an unpleasant start of the journey.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': "o'clockreliablewifi depends on the buscleaness depends on the bus", 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'The flixbus services especially punctuality are so wonderful. This was my third time traveling and I appreciate the service in terms of punctuality.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': "After reading all the negative reviews, I did not even think the bus would come. But it came 10 minutes before departure and departed exactly when it was supposed to. The driver was nice and drove quietly and well, the bus was comfortable with the toilet. Likes that there was footrest. Saved 160 kr to go with them. On the way back, it was only two minutes late. All I can complain about, if you're going to complain, are the seat belts, where there was only a belt around your waist.", 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Super duper :-):-):-)', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': "It's so nice ,safe and clean service. however,  we got picked up after 52 minutes of the schedule time,but we don't know the reasons.", 'stars': '4'}
{'review': "Went a bus from Innsbruck to Munich and then home again in the evening, worked well! Good price, fresh buses and nice bus drivers. So, they can not be worthless, as many people write here, that it's an unscrupulous company. There were lots of buses at Munich's bus station and there seem to be many who travel with them here in Germany.", 'stars': '4'}
{'review': "Flixbus is a good and cheap way of travel. very comfortable and clean. you can also easily charge your phone. There is space for your luggage and the seating is spacious. Toilet could have been cleaner and the wifi sadly didn't work. BUT all in all I would use Flixbus again!", 'stars': '4'}
{'review': "I don't have much experience with coach services, however the reservation and ride were quite smooth :-)However, on one bus, power outlets didn't work and a lot (most?) of the passengers weren't able to connect to the WiFi.", 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'A good experience and very cheap tickets.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'An efficient and smooth journey on a good bus with wifi from Bratislava to Vienna airport. A good price, too.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': "After two trips with Flixbus, I would recommend it, but with some side notes. The first trips went practically flawless. I was very happy with the power outlets with every seat and very good wifi connection (even though it's not allowed to take up too much bandwidth, since its shared among all users, I couldn't resist but to do a speedtest near the end of the trip, which showed a 10mbps connection, which is excellent for all users so long they don't hog it by streaming music or movies as warned about before use). There was also enough leg space for my long legs.The second trip, however, was delayed, and the bus that arrived was clearly a replacement. Therefor, it lacked wifi, overhead space was a little smaller, but still just enough to fit my backpack, and leg-space was only just acceptable for my legs.Overall, assuming you will have the actual flixbus to drive you, I can highly recommend it. How often a replacement bus is used by them, I obviously don't know.", 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Excellent journey Szczecin to Berlin - comfortable, clean bus with on-time departure and arrival.Szczecin station → Berlin ZooSunday, July 23, 2017, 13:00', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Clean bus (including toilets), good value.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Easy to book, affordable. Friendly drivers.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Better to take direct bus and at the morning. Delay happens many times when traveling with changing the bus.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': "The WiFi connection existed but didn't work.It was a little hard to find the specific bus stop at the terminal because it was written very small in the PDF and I didn't see it and the ride was operated by another firm and the bus looked different. Other than that, great service.", 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Kind professional driver. Sometimes announcements were made only in GermanDon`t count on wifi aboard. And don`t make small connections between buses. On a road to Munich from Berlin we had traffic jam and our bus came to Munich 40 min late.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'It was an interesting experience, we started on time, we were delayed -(stopped at the border), at the end of the journey everything was ok. Friendly drivers.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'I’ve just made a very bad experience with Flixbus. After I had missed my bus, I wanted to cancel my return ticket. I did not manage to cancel my trip on their website, so I asked for it to be cancelled via e-mail two days BEFORE my return trip was planned.After a week I got a message that I didn’t cancel my trip at least 15 minutes prior to departure although they have my e-mail showing clearly that I did.So they just keep 130 € for a service not provided. I would agree to paying half of my ticket because it was me who missed the bus to my destination.But keeping the money for the entire trip is pretty much theft.Update: Flixbus did reconsider my case, so I am greatful for that.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Excellent value for money, very few issues overall, none of which were critical (e.g. there was an error in booking, but it was very easily and quickly resolved by booking, and WiFi was unreliable).', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Other than the cleanliness of the facilities, the bus ride was very comfortable.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Like the price and the bus situation! Maybe next time can be more on time!', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': "I'd never heard of Flixbus before this trip, but what a great way to travel. I crossed Italy from Naples to Pescara and although the journey was 4 hours it felt much less. And so much less hassle than by train or plane. Clean, comfortable coach ( with seatbelts) and air-conditioning. The wifi worked perfectly all the way too - it's on from the moment you board the bus.Just wish there were notices to tell people to speak quietly if they insist on phoning everybody they know for the duration of the journey!!", 'stars': '4'}
{'review': "thought it's nice to pick up a certain place so you fill up up but maybe miss a few more times over dinner there's a bit of a bit of morning time is nice how to get to kbh you can get a lot out of the day", 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'it was good and comfortable but toilet was not working due to some technical issue.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': "The journey from Kodan to Berlin line bc N32, was excelent but following one number line 060 (from Berlin to Prague) was so horrible that I was disapointed with behaviour and uncorrect of bus drivers. I pleased them for 5 minutes of waiting but without results. I am so worry for that and in the future be careful ! That's no good point for you ! Anyway... line N260 was great also.", 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'It is good trip with on time bus.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'The trip was OK, bus is clean, price, travelling time and delay is acceptable, easy to buy a ticket. It was nice to get a message about the delay. The very green image is easy to  recognize, even if the bus delays and rolls not necessarily into the given I would be pleased if on the home page I would be able to scan the stops along the routes.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Bus was 45 minutes late but thankfully a notification was sent out around 30 minutes before. Friendly driver, compfy seats. Unfortunately that toilet was a bit gross by the end of a 12+ hour trip, and out of paper towel.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'I rebooked for free via FB Mesenger because my bus was running later than the next available bus.WiFi login only works for smart people.Power outlet did not work.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'It would have been better if the chair was more fluffy and comfortable. But if you can afford it and have this kind of service and convenience, you can use it further.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': "The staff was very kind. I liked him, and seat was good. But don't seat close to the toilet. You can smell of that always untill get your destination. It was not strong, but not good.", 'stars': '4'}
{'review': "Good service, clean, internet works very well, well organized just a little late in my case but that's not probably usual.", 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'It was punctual and the driver was very friendly. He even stopped for a 30 minute rest stop break. However the bus was semi-clean (trash left by previous passengers) and there was no wifi at all on the coach. However, I would still recommend this to a family member or friend. The price is very affordable!', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Nice trip safe and punctuation', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'decent treatment and very little friction.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Everything is satisfactory. Seat reservation should be possible. Nice travel', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'My experience with 3 hr ride was really good with the bus. I would recommend to try it out.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'It was a nice, comfortable trip but we arrived almost an hour later in Prague.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Very good ride and service.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Travel took place during the specified time-frame. Staff was friendly and the coach was comfortable. Provision of power sockets would be a very welcome improvement.Will repeat, for sure.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Punctual,clean but no seat number on the tickets.You may change your seat several times because majority of other people have the seat numbers', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Flixbus were easy to book on-line from overseas, kept in contact with emails a few days before we used them and gave the opportunity to change or add details such as mobile contact number. All this was good for first time travelers who were nervous about how the bus system works in Europe.. The bus arrived on time and the driver took a little time to work out our ticket and names finally confirming them with his phone app.  The driver opened the luggage storage compartment and we had to put in our suitcases with out help.  We left seven minutes before the timetabled 15:30.  The bus was rather dirty with empty drink bottles and other snack packages  littered on some of the seats which was a little disappointing.  No announcement was made when we arrived at Mullhouse but the central train station name announced that we had arrived at our destination. It was a good experience but could have been better.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Quick and easy way to travel', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Great travel and very comfy seats at flixbus/ indeed they are very punctual so be in time #bonus is a great Wi Fi onboard', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'The ride was comfortable and clean. The station had no shelter or place to sit. Luckily it was a sunny day and my luggage can hold my weight.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Directions to boarding bus stop could be better for someone who is new to city.Like for my second trip... Returning from florance to Milan I missed my bus. I was their at florance railway station running around for 15 mins asking for directions to bus stop and then missed the bus by a minute.Thankfully second bus was an hour later I booked it. But if directions to bus stop in Florence were better I would have got my first bus and not had to pay twice.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Very nice working, but a little more information here and there could be useful (especially for people who is not speaking the local language).', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Smooth and safe driving.Wi-fi barely works.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'It was a good trip with a very capable driver, he tried his best to get us to our points on time and with caution, we would just like it to be more friendly for disabled passengers then it will be good but will definitely use the service again.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'The bus arrived on schedule. The driver was nice and helpful.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Nice bus. Good driver. Only suggestion would be to ensure cabin temperature is comfortable or supply blankets like an airplane does. Was absolutely freezing overnight.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'So far so good. Very punctual and normally the seats are clean and ready for having someone for some hours. The internet should work better.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Just like you need', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Had a nice overall experience.I traveled with Flixbus from Brussels to Rotterdam, from Rotterdam to Paris and from Paris to Brussels. The toilet is nice, the seats are comfortable. There are sockets (although in one bus it only had for USB cables). The WiFi worked fine for messaging. The drivers spoke English and were willing to answer questions if there were any.Small downside: all the 3 buses were 5 minutes late.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Good bus. have internet and wall socket for charger. pretty comfortable ride.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': "Smooth and pleasent trip. Our Coach driver was really helpfull and friendly. Even though he admited he can't really speak English well but we are able to communicated well. Even after we have reached our destination.. He helped us to find a taxi cab for us as we are all 4 women travelling together abs it was only 4.30am. Sorry we.didn,t get his name though.", 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Good service', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Everything was fine apart from the few small things: there was a garbage in the seat pocket. Also the internet was not available.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': "it is a good option vs. train from Zurich to Munich, and for tourists who'd like to see the countryside, Flixbus provides great service.", 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Flixbus is very comfortable for travelling. I would suggest it for everyone.If some of the drivers change their attitude towards passengers it would be the best choice for travelling.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'I am positively surprised, professional, clean and on time. Comfortable seats (although I was lucky and sat alone during the whole journey)...the internet was missing as the bus was brand new and they did not introduce it to this one yet... (which is by far only negative point)', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Convenient trip with affordable price', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': "We were 2 Indians travelling from Paris to Utrech. He just asked us to show passport for Identity and I know it's his job. But he just ask only both of us not others, which seems odd. I think supposed to everyone for ID. I don't want to make any big issue with this. Otherwide ride was great, comfortable and I would like go with Flix bus again.Thanks", 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Fast travel without pause. Courteous and punctual driver. The stop wearing jersey and massy are not very practical.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': "The internet does not work at all. The bus is a bit dirty, but you will have a nice time with the driver. He might be fun. The guy who checks the tickets might be a bit rude, so don't take it personally if he answers you with a bad comment.They are very punctual and you can travel safe.", 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Fantastic drivers, nice travel but WiFi off for 1/3 of the travel! Keep up the good work and try to improve on the internet connection side!', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'An enjoyable ride despite the long hours -- two professional drivers, a 10-minute rest stop three hours into the trip, a clean coach recently put into service, reliable wifi when there was no overhead obstruction & an early arrival at terminus to boot.The toilet, however, was lacking toilet paper as well as rinsing water.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Good clean buses with plenty of legroom.fast Internet that actually worked compared to Eurolines!Only downside is no baggage tags so you dont have any proof if your bag goes missing.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Nothing else to add.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Almost everything was very good on this trip and I do recommend it, I just had an issue with one of the drivers who failed to do any announcements and I had no idea about the toilet or internet. Internet was not that important, but I really had to use the toilet and even when I asked the driver he failed to mention the first time that there is a toilet on board.2 hours later and a second question lead him to tell me there is one on board ...', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Value for money ride for the cost-conscious. Ride is safe and comfortable.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Pros: Cheap fares, CO2 neutral option, punctuality and the App is very userfriendly.Cons: The app could have some helpful features added, such as geolocalisation of the bus and facilitate wifi connection in the bus. The sits are not so comfortable for more than 2 or 3 hours ride', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': "The bus n driver is OkayBut that must look after the passenger's behaviour (talking loudly in the middle of the night)", 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Trip went well, just the driver started boarding 15 mins before departure despite negative temperature and wind outside... it was really cold to wait.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Good drive schedule', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'There was no wi-fi at the bus which is not really such a big deal. Driver was great; very funny and friendly. The toiler was awfully dirty ans so were the floors. Bus arrived on time and the journey was pleasant.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Clean and comfortable coach that ran perfectly on time and was well driven.  We did have some confusion at the airport regarding terminals and the driver was unable to help in English.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Is very safe and interesting travelling with Flixbus. But I would like to see screen inside the bus to show the direction that we are going(like google map and what we see in flights) and indicating all stops. It will be beautiful and unique.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': "Also, you should warn if the bus doesn't have power outlets, otherwise great service", 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Comfortable journey and it was a nice bus trip. Just a beep sound coming from one of the device in bus was little annoying.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Polski bus was smooth, although the seats were a it cramped. The flixbus coaches were more spacious. Both coaches are comfortable enough so you can get some sleep during the journey', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'nice and politer driver', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'The best service from Germany to Prague by bus. Safety driving and puncual.Wim Srinuree & Family(Thailand)', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'I am stasfied with my journey by your bus .. the staff were friendly.. and they drove safely .. there was no delaying and we arrived in time ... thank you , and I am planning to travel with your bus again.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'I will choose flixbus next time!', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'the service is good and they respect the time. i recommend it.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Driver was experience and the ride was smooth . Toilet was clean .', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Many passengers occupy more than one seat which they book, so at night trips is difficult to find free seats.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': "The bus was 25 min late but we were notified via sms which was good. The internet was a little slow but it's better than nothing.", 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Thank you for the pleasant journey. I will recommend this bus service to my friends.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'OK maybe the next time will be better .', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Except not mentioned stop in Bergamo all other experience was brilliant: comfortable bus, good internet, helpfull driver', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Flixbus is a good way to travel in Europe, however the drivers could make the announcements also in English and the Wi-Fi connection could be improved and expressed the limits of utilization.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Flixbus has an excellent service providing buses to may cities with extremely reasonable fares.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Overall, this experience could be perfect if passengers are well informed of delays through SMS so people are not stucked in the cold!', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': "please check the internet connection, i've three times with flixbus and cannot use the internet at all :(", 'stars': '4'}
{'review': "Generally, it's a good choice to use flixbus.", 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'very good bus routine.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': "Price is okay, internet was really bad but maybe it was a temporary problem i don't know, punctuality was also bad, in general; it's preferable but it may not be the best choice", 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Good driver, clean bus, fast trip, not expensive.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Excellent experience', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'it was overall a very good experience', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': "I enjoyed my time on the bus. The driver was very kind and actually spoke in English for those on the bus who didn't speak German! I really appreciated that.", 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'It was a quick journey to Strasbourg. The bus was a bit late and was worried but got on time to Strasbourg and the bus driver was friendly and helpful.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': "Wifi wasn't working at all", 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'My first experience with Flixbus was really good.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Except for punctuality, everything else was good.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'great service, good experience, good price', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': "We enjoyed our journey with Flixbus, but were a little worried when the bus was late and there wasn't any way of finding this information out.", 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'In general, I have a good experience with FlixBus. The app is friendly and easy to use.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': "The bus was on time, and even tho I didn't speak the driver's language I had my doubts resolved. Except by the traffic on my route, we were on time. The only thing that bothered me was the size of the seats. Very little space between your seat and the seat in the front.", 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Great ride with astonishing views.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Good lake and see you soon Flixbus.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'All in all, it was a good experience, the bus is really  organized and on time.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': "I personally prefer travelling by train (less pollution, more seating space, drops you in the cities' centers) but I have to admit that this journey was almost perfect. I would have appreciated it more if we made a 15 min stop at an autogrill to eat/rest/toilette.", 'stars': '4'}
{'review': "It's the second time I use Flixbus on this trip (Bologna-Pescara), the staff was always very nice and when answering my questions, we arrived almost in time (that is not so trivial for a trip in Italy), the electrical current worked well.The only two negative things that I found were:- the internet connection did not work (and there were other passengers who weren't able to connect, it is the connection itself that is undersized);- the small tables behind the seats were very small and bent, so useless because I could not use them. I had to hold my laptop on my leg for all the trip.", 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Overall service was punctual. BUS CLEAN Goddard recline on seats, Toilet facility OK  very disappointed  no Wi first,  That was a letdown', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'The bus departed on time, but due to an unexpected traffic jam, we arrived to our destination 30 minutes after the predicted time.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Comfortable and easy to book also it is almost free trip ,it is a nice company with good service', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'The price is very competitive to train, but less hectic. Wifi and socket connection are marvelous add to the safe journey. I could book the next journey via flix internet.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Flixbus needs just a few adjustments to become perfect. Would recommend the experience', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'I enjoyed the ride because the bus was very clean. However it was too long a journey with no internet.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'I rode in a new and a very comfortable bus with good wifi connection, I will use flixbus again.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'The bus was OK and the price was great. If you need to go somewhere it is a great way to go.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Good service, good experience and safe ride, clean and trustworthy.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Everything was good, i had all the information i needed to get to the bus stop.I definitely recommend it.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'We had a great trip from London to Brugge. It was on time even with the disruption on the motorway in France. Power plugs worked and there was plenty of leg room on the coach', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': "It was a nice ride overall. We got to Freiburg on time, even though the passage through Rust was slow. It's a bit hard to find your bus when boarding, as the stops don't correspond to the routes, so you have to go check every bus to see if it's the one you're supposed to take. Other than that, it was ok.", 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'The bus was late and i wasnt sure if i would make it to the next one or how i must handle missing a bus. There is no such info on the application', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': "I travelled from Dresden to Prague using this bus and it was quite a pleasant experience. We used the double decker bus. The bus from Dresden was 15 minutes late but the one from Prague wasn't. The wifi worked well although it somehow stopped working once we're in Czech (but in the return journey it worked perfectly fine). Overall, worth the money.", 'stars': '4'}
{'review': "If you want to be in time, without any additional savings - do not choose a bus trip. If not - it's quite good service.", 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'comfortable trip , i felt like i was using the airplane  ..', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Enjoyed Travel using WiFi.,but uncomfortablebecause of  small space within Seats.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'A good and cheap and nice way to travel by bus.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'The Flixbus service is really good - the pricing is good value too.They could provide clearer signage at Franfurt T2 for where to go for the Flixbus pickup points.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'It was a pleasant experience. But you know, it was such a long trip that we literally deserved Internet!', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Good value comfortable service with at seat power supply and good wifi', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': '1- i didnt have wifi connection inside germany,after poland board, with polskibus,internet was very poor and low speed,in germany,no wifi and data, till berline, from berlin to hamburg with flexibus, there was not wc and wifi in bus, and no drinking water inside bus.2- drivers only speaks in both route polish and germany and i didnt understand what they say,for example how long tjey stay in each stops,or close the seat belt!!!!  This type of information should be in english too. And sometimes it is dangerous for passnager to donot understamd when they should close their seat belt RegardsIman', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'acceptable service for price.needs to improve internet connection.needs to adjust travel time', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Flixbus consists of different suppliers, who provide busses. That said the experience may vary from nice to awful. This one was nice, but my another trip was horrific. Treat it just like an unknown bus ride, depends on your luck.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Unfortunately our bus came with delay for 15 minutes. We need to wait for it on a street when it was rain. No SMS about delay was received', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'i fell asleep soundly and woke up at my destination', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Bus driver (or assistant) did not announce all in English. Only German was used throughout the trip. For some people like me who do not speak German, this is annoying not being able to understand all announcements.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'No wifi and no info before departure about intermediate destinations as one of it was mine.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Good connections, decent price and helpful stuff. If the punctuality was better, I would be completely satisfied.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': "Booking at home was simple. Not speaking German made it slightly difficult finding correct bus stop and knowing what driver was saying en route. Bus was half an hour late arriving for departure but we received text informing us so didn't worry. Final arrival time was an hour later than expected which made it slightly stressful as I felt I was inconveniencing host of apartment we were staying at. Overall it is a very good value way of travelling and I would recommend it.", 'stars': '4'}
{'review': "I would repeat for sure, but now I know that punctuality won't necessarily happen.", 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Decent treatment and very little friction', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Apart from an electricity socket which did not work on the way to Brussels and did not help me to save my smarphone battery, for a first journey with your company, it convinced me to renew the experience with you.The four drivers I met while i was travelling with Flixbus were efficient and available to answer any specific question.On the whole I am satisfied with your service.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'The bus is clean, but if have English announcement will be better', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'A company that you can trust', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Best alternate to Air and Train with watching landscape and countryside in Europe. Very Affordable  price and also with free Wi-Fi.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Could have given it a 5 but the bus was late and we arrived at our destination 2 hours late.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Positive: Fast,Comfy and cheapNegative:Was missing entertainment in English and Italian, the driver launched the luggage violently  in the bus :(', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Great service, would definitely recommend', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'i would like to have a service number and advice for travel so i can make a more informed choice of my trip !', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Everything about the bus and the journey was great except for the fact that the bus was 30 mins late due to construction in the city. The problem is we were not notified neither via SMS nor was there any information at the bus stop.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'We started our trip 10 min later and we arrived 10-15 min later.We got also stuck in Milan traffic on the "Circonvallazione" for 40 min. This was the first time I travelled on that way. I have used other companies and they drove on faster tracks. Really strange to me this different way', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': "In my opinion, FlixBus services are very good, nice and friendly drivers/ coach, punctuality, safety, clinliness, etc. In my next trip to Europe i'll definitely use FlixBus to travel among Euro countries.M.Yarmohamadi", 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'All gooooooooooooodddddddddd!!!!', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Very punctual. Good driving. Please do something to make the wifi work!', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Highly recommended bus: fast, cheap and convenient!', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'FlixBus have a nice service', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Easy enough to find with some help from Hotel staff.  Not too hard to book trip and charge in advance.  No internet service on trip even though this was supposed to be available.  Driver spoke limited English but enough to get the job done!', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': "The trip was cool considering the distance and the price I paid....it's really worth it", 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'No information at Bus Stop for departure and it makes restless for first time users. please establish some information system so that passengers can relax.WiFi was not working. so please correct it.Toilet was not working so please take care of it.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'I give my advice to the people travel by bus to Europe to use this service in future', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': "Toilet wasn't working, and there were no internet (not only connection, but WiFi hotspot itself was missing)", 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'It was very please ® journey no problems at all.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'The bus was 30 min late but I got a text hours before to let me know that. We left 50 min after the set time. The toilet was broken and there was no entertainment or snacks (our ride was 11hrs long) wifi was great, super fast, but very limited and after 1,5-2hrs I had teached the limit and had no wifi for the rest of the trip. The price was very good and the driving too.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'I booked a trip from Brussels to Mainz. There was no direct bus, so I had to change on Leverkusen Mitte. I spontaneously decided to do this trip, so I had booked just 3 days before my departure. Usually, I use train, but in that situation I wanted to try a bus to discover one more city on my way to Mainz. Of course, after I realized that Leverkusen is not the best choice. The trip was very well priced, I paid around 40 EUR, relatively around 10 per each bus I used. Starting from Brussels to Leverkusen Mitte(the first bus), everything was fine. I did not try the wi-fi on the first bus. However, I did not like the second part of the trip from Leverkusen Mitte to Mainz, because of delay. This is not something to blame the company for. They send me two messages that the bus will be late 50 minutes and 75 minutes. The bus arrived with 105 minutes delay. The wi-fi on this one was extremely slow, even though most of the people were sleeping. I was 2 seats away from the toilet, it was smelling unfortunately. The driver was the worst experience on this trip. I am not aware how many breaks usually a driver should do, but this one did once 20 minutes and once 5 minutes for 200km. He even got confused in Wiesbaden and went into wrong direction which caused even bigger delay. On my way back everything was good. The drivers were very nice, especially from Leverkusen to Brussels. The wi-fi was working good. There was even a coffee machine in the bus, I think the coffee was for free, but I am not sure. Overall I would grade that company with 7 out of 10. The advantages are free wi-fi, good price/quality, relatively new buses, not so many ppl, in 3 out of 4 journeys I was sitting alone, plenty of space between the seats.Disadvantages - the driver in the second bus, some maintenance issues like some lamps were missing and when the air-conditioning is turned on you have to put something in the hole in order to stop the cool stream.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Had a very comfortable travel. The Driver was cool & friendly, air conditioned worked well, the bus was neat. Overall had a good experience with Flexibus. Will travel again. I think it matters a lot how the Driver behaves, as for the entire journey he is kind of a host.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Well, there are no toilet and no internet but the rest is fine. Driver is friendly...', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Will definitely travel with flixbus again.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'It was a a great journey from Cologne to Zurich, on time without any hiccups.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Good service with time punctuality, Can be booked without problem', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Very good places, very comfortable, some stress during luggage stowing.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'I decided to use FlixBus to get back to Hamburg instead of taking the train because it was one fourth the price of the train ride. The bus was clean, seats were reasonably comfortable and the ride ended up being shorter than originally anticipated, shorter than the train ride too. Only thing I could think of to criticize was the unpleasant smell of the coach restroom.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'it was punctual, which is the best feature', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Good company but with some details to improve such as cleaning of the toilet and Wi Fi connection which did not work at any moment.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': "It wa great although i couldn't use wifi.", 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'I really have nothing to say, the driver was to the point and by the book, the ride was fine.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': "It's a nice clean bus with wifi and toilet. However the legroom was to short, even for a short girl like me felt a little uncomfortable. The seat should be assigned accordingly and we should be able to choose the seat online during the booking on a first come first serve basis. I am with a group of 4 and we had to sit separated from each other for the very long journey. It doesn't felt good when you have to sit and sleep beside strangers.", 'stars': '4'}
{'review': "My first time with Flixbus and it was late for 40 min. I was told by other passengers that that usually don't happen.This particular bus didn't have a charging point for the battery, but other one had. The Internet is good but often stops working.The bus is clean and comfortable. The driver knows basic English.", 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Wonderful overall experience', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'I used this service to travel from Prague to Dresden & back.Buses are very comfortable, you also have Wi-Fi and possibility to watch films, listen to music from a special site.The only disadvantage is punctuality. First time the bus came 15 min later, the second - 30 min later.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'The bus was on time and the driver was grate.Only thing that missed was the comfort, the seats were not appropriate for such a trip.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Comfortable but no internet connection as promised', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'The travel was nice, without the worries of multiple changes of train and/or flight. The only thing is that the bus is sensitive to traffic jam, especially when arriving in big cities, so it might get delayed sometimes.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': '1. Booking through the website is great and important. We can find a cheap ticket.2. My seat was near/ above the toilet. It is smelly on the trip. Need to improve the system.3. It is better to have English announcement on the coach for tourists.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Very good and excellent services. very reliable', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Please check internet connections', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'I liked travelling with Flixbus. The drivers were nice and friendly, the coach had a lot of facilities and it was very confortable.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Everything is great. Driver is friendly and helpful with bags, punctual (even arrive early than estimated time). Bus seat is comfortable (my trip is at night from Amsterdam to Cologne), its warm making me sleep well. Pleasant journey. Just the announcement in English is not really clear but still understandable.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'I will definitely use Flixbus services again in the future. Great price and always on time. Only thing that was missing was the free wifi.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Very punctual and comfortable, but not good wifi.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'punctualeasily find my buscomfortable busgood locationpoor internet', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Arrival and Departure were on time, trip was quite good due to the comfortable seats. No internet connection made me a little bit upset. Tried 3 devices and followed the instructions to connect to the internet, but was not working. Since overnight journey, I guess no support was available for this.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Friendly driver, clean seats and comfortable ride', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'We arrived even earlier than planned and the bus driver was really Friendly!', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Excellent trip and the bus is on time at departure and arrival stations .A driver is very gentle and happy person..He was kind and he informed us at the beginning of our trip about everything like time,traffic,toilet,snacks etc and in the end he reminded us about how we could go to the Amsterdam centraalwith  metro ,buses,tram .If you would like to taste sth or drink sth else ,there were many kinds of snaks and beverages  at the first seats and all of these are in good prices.The only problem i have is the internet connection ..!!', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Travelled with Flixbus for the first time, from Amsterdam to Brussels and back. I can certainly recommend it. Both ways, the ride was comfortable: enough leg space, good seats, easy check in procedure. Both times we left a little late, but we still arrived before the scheduled time. Probably helped that it was on the weekend. On the way to Brussels the driver was very friendly and gave a lot of information and the bus was very clean. The only downside was that the wifi did not work.On the way back, we did not get as much information, and there was still trash in the bus from the previous ride. On the upside, the wifi did work.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'the trip was good but not cheap compared to other companies', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': "I booked a return trip to Brussels for the weekend. It costed me less then half of what it would have cost me for train tickets (booked 2 months in advance), and I only booked it one week in advance.The bus was a bit late arriving at Arnhem. But this was due to traffic because it was the carnival weekend. The trip took about 3 and a half hours, which gave me time to charge my phone whilest taking a nap. We arrived in Brussels on time. On the return trip the bus was 40 minutes early, we left on schedule. Overal it was an excellent trip. Great to have USB-ports on the bus. And soon they will have wifi. I would recommend Flixbus to anyone who wants to travel to a neighbouring country, it may take a little longer then going there by train. But it's great value for money and very comfortable compared to both the train and travel by airplane.", 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Perfectly punctual, good driving, comfortable seating and wifi, good value for money.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Punctual and comfortable', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': "It was a good experience, the Internet connection was excellent,  we arrived in time to the final destination, but when we left Bremen the bus was late for like 30 minutes and I had a transfer in Hamburg so I was afraid that I wouldn't make it and this was the only negative thing in the whole journey", 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Good overall, they took us to the destination smoothly.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'And also it would be great to hear English on contact phones ;)', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'fix the WIFI in the buses', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Boarding was smooth, the ride was nice, not too noisy. Narrow seats, but ample leg room for people who are not too tall (with a flip down foot rest). Two problems: I was never able to connect to the advertised free WiFi, which was an issue for me as I wanted to do some work that required an internet connection. Also, there was no toiletpaper in the  toilet! Otherwise it was good. I would try them again.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': "I traveled with Flix Bus as a friend of mine recommended for me and it wasn't bad at all..Moreover the fare is very affordable", 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'it is good not fully seat so i have more space but WIFI is not working well... and after long way, sometimes i feel cold', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'This was my first time using the Eindhoven - Groningen service, and it was according to my expectations. We only had a minor delay of about five minutes, so that was not a problem. All in all a good experience, and a service I would use more often.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Good Service and Great price.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Best bus service is germany!', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': "I love travelling by meinfernbus flixbus. The price is good, the quality also. Unfortunately the WIFI is not really working, but still, the comfort is good, you're able to charge your phone and the bus drivers are nice and courteous. There's no better price-performance ratio on the market than meinfernbus Flixbus. Anytime again!", 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Always a good experience. Sometimes traffic is a pain and the bus can be so packed that people need to change schedules, sadly. Control of tickets and identity are better now but still never any wifi available&working (so it would be best if flixbus stopped announcing and advertising it because it is not accurate)', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Hello, my girlfriend and I have used Flixbus many times now and we are always amazed at the low price of travel, and the variety of destinations available - even to the "not so popular" tourist locations.I know it is difficult to plan for delays on the road, but it would be nice to receive an estimation of the delay (from previous trip statistics) on the app on the day of travel - this will ensure that a traveller could plan their connection a little more accurately.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': "I made several journeys using Flixbus and found them to be cheap, reliable,  and very user friendly.  I liked the fact that there prices do not dramatically increase closer to departure time.  Services were generally on time (one exception was when I travelled to Brussels and there was a 45 minute delay but this was caused by traffic as it was rush hour).The only thing I would like them to change is rebookings.  I would like to be able to change/rebook from the App but this is only possible via there website.  I would also like it if they could replace the '15 minute before departure' rule for rebooking.", 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Bus was in time and arrived in time as well.Problem with the on board WLAN that was disconnected or not working.Clean bus and the drive was smooth and calm.Recommended to other travelers.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': "But it applies to almost all bus drivers I've seen before, probably a trade disease.", 'stars': '4'}
{'review': "Usually not often on time, but it is ok. Great experience travelling with Flixbus; it has the advantage to avoid changing many times means of transport and also help save some money. The confort is also ok with a good network in Europe. N'winitcha", 'stars': '4'}
{'review': "Flix bus is cheap and services tend to be pretty regular. It's sad that they offer wifi and refreshments and 9/10 buses I've been in have had neither. Sometimes there is announcements but often there is not, especially when there are delays which are not good for travelers who have connectind buses, or other transport. Overall flix is good for price, comfort and cleanliness bus when it offers all the extras if never flows through with these offers.", 'stars': '4'}
{'review': "I travel regularly between Antwerp and Amsterdam and find travelling with FlixBus is a great alternative to train travel. It's reliable, comfortable and inexpensive. Highly recommended.", 'stars': '4'}
