{'review': 'No Wi-Fi for the umpteenth time, but this time not even the reading lights work, moreover 40 minutes delay, so slow ... UPDATE: toilet paper was also sometime all ...', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'The 2 booked bus trips were canceled about 2.5 months before departure simply "for operational reasons". What the exact reason was, was not explained. Equivalent alternatives could not be offered even after repeated contact with the hotline. I had already rejected the offer of a voucher by telephone because the money was needed for an alternative transport option and should not remain as tied capital with FlixBus. I was promised that I can claim the money through the written contact with the customer service. Even after repeated request again and again automated rejections that do not fit the case. Conclusion: performance not provided. Money still not refundable. Very questionable approach, not only legally ...', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "Your customer support is the worst I have ever experienced! Do not understand or differ from Copy-Paste! For three weeks we have been in circles because your employees did not act properly. Now I'm sitting at unnecessary expense and wasting a lot of time. You and my friend have lost you as a customer!", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': '******************************************************************************************************************************************************************************************************************************************************************************* Ticket with the promise you would get the other ticket refunded but NOT to recommend danihct', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Problems with the booking app, there are often, there are error messages nobody understands, not even the Flixbus customer service itself ... I had rides in the shopping cart which I then did not want to book so I deleted this, the cart was also as empty (I can prove that too, there are screenshots of it) and still later, when buying the really desired ride, the old trips were still calculated. So before closing, I contacted the Flixbus customer service who told me to proceed in the ordering process, updating sometimes time-delayed on heavy traffic, etc. Puff pie, I also paid for the canceled trips and Timo from Flixbus blessed with customer-oriented foresight the impudence to tell me that the fee for a payment is twice as high as that for a cancellation + new book. A neatly working company would apologize briefly and reimburse the customer, at least with a voucher, because it was proven not my mistake. But you can not expect intelligence here.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "Very rude Staff members, could not bring my pillow because this was in a plastic bag and that would not fit in the bus (night trip for 9 jours). After explaining that this 'bag' will dissapear behind my back, the 'friendly' Staff member told me that I should take the train instead (eventhough I paid for the bus?) Next time I will definetely do that instead, prices are not a big difference but service definetely is. Also there is a wifi limit of 150 mb and can not even use Deezer!? Very useless for such a long bus trip", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Vorsicht.Aggressive FahrerZürich to Munich 4.11.2017 um18Uhr30min.Man would have to invite his suitcase itself with the driver watching. Driver cheeky and aggressive has insulted me on a simple question, groundless and loud. I had felt totally uncomfortable in this bus at all yet. Never again Flixbus', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'On the way from Berlin to Freiburg there was a technical disturbance shortly before Stuttgart. After two hours of waiting the bus driver told us that passengers had to continue to Freiburg by train. The travel costs would be reimbursed us. All questions of the passengers for connections, such as the refund, etc., the driver said, that was not his problem. Shortly thereafter, I sent the train ticket to Flixbus and asked how the reimbursement of the costs will be made , On the answer, there would be a refund only in case of delayed departure time of the bus, which is not true in this case. After another email, I received the answer, they wanted to "check" again. Fault: Technical faults are avoidable and the responsibility lies at Flixbus. Therefore arriving after three changes and arriving with 2.5 hours delay is more than annoying. Then even with Flixbus about the already promised reimbursement of additional costs to discuss - unprofessional and outrageous.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'I would like to give no star! A friend and I went to London - we had the rudest bus driver you can imagine. The whole drive over the air conditioning was turned up, so that one was still freezing with a thick winter jacket. Even after several complaints from different passengers nothing was changed. The highlight, however, was that we were assured on the outward journey that the same bus would return in the evening, so we could leave our things (pillows, blankets, clothes, etc.) in the bus. At the beginning of the return trip we were told that it was a different bus and the friendly bus driver just threw away our things. The said driver, whose name I do not want to call public, approached us so much and made us down that if we are not quiet now and he just board without us. The entire behavior was a sheer impudence, the ride was unbearable due to the cold and on top of that are private matters in the high value now weg.Absolute disaster!', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "Ok, Flixbus has apparently deleted my comment on Facebook, so I use the opportunity for another platform ... please: Last Friday evening (27.10.2017) I got in Lyon to overnight to Frankfurt / airport to drive to Erfurt , The bus was cracking and very tight including emergency seat. The woman in front of me folded her seat just as well, so that I had even less space with long legs. She ignored my advice a short time later (Merci beaucoup!). By night I actually understand that the bus passes a certain distance and does not stop in every major city. Not so FlixBus! He stopped in Geneva, Lausanne (here in full Montour the light and 20 minutes break - seriously?) And Basel (again great light on). It was impossible to think about continuous sleep. The coronation was still that the bus driver from Freiburg i. Breisgau should actually change. This was nothing, because the replacement driver was sick leave and there was simply no substitute. Whether intentional or not, you could hear over the microphone the telephone conversation between driver and supervisor well and clearly in the back row. The bus driver sounded pretty exhausted. He had to continue until shortly before Heidelberg, where at least there a transfer could be made. Bus driver was - understandably - annoyed, the passengers, who arrived too late, were-understandably-also annoyed, heated accordingly was the conversation. The bus finally arrived one hour late in Frankfurt / Airport. My connection bus was delayed at first 1.5 hours and only after I had called in the service center, one noticed that the bus altogether at 2h45min would be late. The bus was again crackling, although I would like to sit alone after the long ride sometimes even to sleep. Instead of the expected 18 hour drive I was finally 22h on the way. If you stop at night in every major city, you could at least -generally also for a small fee- Blindfolds and Oropax offer, this did not appear. Someone like me, who sleeps well, does not think about something like that before the ride, but it is a good service. Vll you can also seat assignments, so that guests who are on the road all night to the terminus, can sleep in the back and not the whole bus the lights must be turned on. No, I'm terribly disappointed and will at least never resort to FlixBus at night, that's definitely not the case!", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Arrived 1/2 hour earlier and waited whole hour, 2 FlixBuse only seen the whole time (personally inquired - did not go to Vienna), according to the hotline the driver / bus was already there (Bratislava) - I missed the departure !! ! (???) Only way 3 hours later buy a new ticket with the driver (next bus). Justice. About the cost of hotline and all phone calls via Slovak mobile (domestic and abroad!) Since I have no internet access on site (in Foreign countries) I would only learn after I had to postpone everything for the next day.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'The bus arrived with 1 1/2 hours delay in Hamburg and drove accordingly late. In the bus, the passengers had to learn by the announcement of the bus driver that the toilet in the bus was not functional, since this has been clogged the day before. Since the toilet was not functional, had to be made stops, which delayed a further delay. Also I had to realize as a passenger that the folding table in the last row is broken and damaged and at least two more are no longer available. Furthermore, there is no possibility of self-entertainment as WLAN and TV were not functional. A relaxed and relaxing ride was therefore not possible!', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'I am disappointed !!!!!! 11 !!!!!! Too late (1 1/2 hours), rude driver, no toilet, I had to pee and he wanted to make the first Pipipause only after 119 km! + Table broken in the last row .. very unprofessional !! Very pity !!!!!!! The driver had a very importunate humor ........ Unpleasant', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'The bus is again on time! An hour and one is not infortmiert !! Then it comes to mind that after we have waited for the bus driver forever to empty the toilet! I will never book flixbus again!', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "Absolutely great again. I booked the bus from Hamburg to Kiel for 15: 15h. At 14:50 I get the SMS that he is 20 minutes late, where I was of course already on the way to the zob. And then he just arrives at 15:50 so we leave shortly after 16 o'clock. Not only belated, but you are simply lied to the lateness of the time and is in the rain and nobody says anything. Arrive late for work in Kiel. Thank you, and never again.", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'A first trip from Hannover to Berlin; 1:15 h delay in the departure on the grounds that the driver inserts a steering break. Unreasonable Certainly the last ride', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'We wanted to go to a concert in Munich and booked the bus one week before. The evening before, we were notified that we were transferred to another bus. In the rebooking, however, was not the trip was rebooked, but only that was rebooked. After 3 lengthy phone calls, we learned that the return trip was rebooked, which does not allow us to participate in the concert. The next bus would have been at 5 in the morning, but would have been too complicated, since we had no hotel and did not want to go through the night. So we had to cancel the buses and got vouchers. However, the concert tickets fell into disrepair.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Each time delays over 1 hour, from time to time you can understand. Me and my friend drove more than 30 times with Flixbus, always the same problem. When we were only 3 minutes late to Italy, despite our call 30 minutes before the departure, that we are late because of the train delay, maximum 5 minutes, the staff did not help us and we would have to book our trip twice. But if we complain that the journey is delayed every time, we only get the same answer, COPY & PASTE. I like to drive with BLABLACAR, another ride opportunity etc than the MONOPOL FLIXBUS BUS.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Every time delayed over hour and no notification! For 1.5 hours, you should lose 3-4 hours. We do not go with Flix bus anymore.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Very unfriendly driver. The boarding of the bus from Graz to Wien Westbahnhof at 14.10 on 24.10.17 happened like this: the driver said, I should put the suitcases in the bus, that is to lift the suitcases 1.30 meters high. I am 70 years old, have severe spinal complaints and had an infiltration in the lower spinal column the day before and the doctor had forbidden heavy lifting. What the driver said was not his problem and maybe he could help me with lifting. His powers were only enough for a symbolic touch of the suitcases. In addition, he was hochgaradig unfriendly and seemed stressed and overwhelmed. Much more driving with Flixbus must consider.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "It's just enchanting horror. The bus can simply take and not come. And no notifications in the mail, no sms, nothing. Call the call center in Germany, not enough nerves, no money. And those employees who sit there, still do not know anything.", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "I left my glasses on the bus on 10/10/17 in the bus line from Bonn (18:55 clock) to Essen and Flixbus still has not answered that the glasses were found, although I'm already on their website in the Have reported online lost property office!", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Do not judge this company with a star, because of the rides and the price, which are very fair, but because of a faulty customer hotline. A mega unfriendly staff on the phone. After my question whether you should travel with a foreign residence permit, I was immediately interrupted and told that one was not from the police or immigration office to judge something like that. After agreeing and saying that "you may be familiar with such cases since," I was interrupted again. I really felt like the last dork.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "If you are on time on the bus but the bus driver rather drives away instead of opening the doors is nothing but a huge impudence. And then when the next bus is even more than an hour late I'm missing the word.", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Waited for 45 minutes without info... 60 minutes F***** Company without respect for their customers!!!', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Never again flixbus !!!! I bought a ticket for me and my 3 small children from sarajevo to Dusseldorf.In Munich, we were thrown out by the bus driver he said only "I\'m not driving to Dusseldorf but to Hamburg" after 18 hours drive, stood I then in the morning with my 3 children at 11 clock in the cold in Munich fest.Er gave me a new ticket for another bus to dusseldorf at 21 O\'HR.Doch there who wanted to have a child sitting I naturally did not have. Now I do not even get an answer to my e-mail and my money for the fare does not mean such things', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'In the summer with all passengers 1h (!) Waited in front of locked bus, the driver must take a break (understandable and responsible, but this implies that he was far beyond his working hours and without statutory breaks in use, for customers an impertinence!). I\'m on time! At HS, the bus was due to marathon and total traffic chaos still wait a few minutes, said the hotline, which I called as a precaution. But bus drove away to the minute, eternally discussed for reimbursement, nothing went by phone, because the telephone operator a) did not understand and b) pretended to ask her boss- but she did not, she chatted with her colleague , I understand Russian, well ... so I\'m 4 hours late for family celebration. Frustration again. I asked drivers if I could sit on 1 because otherwise I would feel sick - no one was sitting there - he just waved around and meant no, I asked why not, no answer. Minutes later there was a teenager, the bus driver had reserved for friends. I like juggling with my nausea for a 13-year-old, who could have been in the second row or next to the unfriendly grandpa, also at the front. He just did not want to leave me next to him. Point. Fact also seems that "regulars" already extend their claws to be far enough away from the Dauerstinkurinal, one is already entering with frustration. Only after call the customer service I was offered the 2nd place next to the child. Recently, a new driver actually did, sometimes you hear racist laughter from drivers in cell phone conversations about underpayment, frustration, pressure. Direct debit in D with D address does not work, rebooking should be nothing! cost, there are too many Berlin -HS inner-city, delay is thus inevitable .. A company policy like Primark-much, cheap at the expense of workers and ultimately the customer. I\'ve traveled with FlixBus many times, but now it\'s enough. Never again!', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Never experienced such a bad service. Staff, whether bus driver or station staff, all very rude. The bus drivers usually can not speak German or English, so communication is difficult. Hardly information and rough tone with the guests. Bound on disrespect. I am appalled by this service and wonder how to act in an emergency without the possibility of communicating with the bus drivers and whether this is permissible at all. The sentence that a bus driver meant to me when I wanted to know if you could notify the connection bus because the bus was late was the following: Hotline, call the hotline. I tried to call these several times without reaching anyone. On my way to ffm, two guys wanted to get in Nuremberg and buy a ticket on the spot. The bus was half empty and the bus drivers said in a very cheeky tone: bus is full. The bus was half empty and the boys were left there at 10pm. Catastrophic service!', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "Good network and cheap (I deliberately use the word: cheap) prices or not ... It stinks in the bus to Jena for urine! That's weird. Better 20 euros more on the train!", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'The toilet is in urine, through the drain, the urine is already high and distributed on the bus staircase. Driver very unfriendly ignored multiple customer requests to stop at a rest stop and drove by on such phone throughout the ride. , Have never enjoyed worse service.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'An impudence today I have paid a drive from Bundapest via Vienna to Nuremberg 51 eu.Mir the bird in Vienna descend 10 foreigners smelly and imingrants ZU.Setzen itself right next to my last Reihe.Nie more Flix!', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Great idea with the vouchers in the supermarket and Co. I wanted to book a ride, quickly bought a supermarket and a voucher for 15 €. According to the receipt of the supermarket, the card is activated, but on flixbus website the code is not valid. Call the rudest service ever and a really annoyed lady told me that the vouchers will be activated after 48 hours. The voucher itself states that the voucher is activated after 24 hours at the latest. Very annoyed the lady, when I asked if she could not help me because I wanted to start the journey in a few hours. According to support "I\'m sorry but your voucher works only after 48 hours". So I do not imagine service, I buy amazon vouchers regularly and can use them immediately. Since flixbus has the monopoly, their service is only scrap, employees absolutely not helpful. On my question, if I should use the coupon until next century, told me the mega friendly, annoyed lady, "you can use it in 48 hours "If banks were to keep our salaries for 48 hours, our consumer protection would take effect immediately, but at flixbus our eyes are closed because they have no plan with them. Small tip: Buy a voucher today if you have Christmas Eve with your family not wanting Witzbus not to activate the tickets. Unfortunately, you can not give these mistdinger back.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'I have not had a good experience in customer service or individual treatment of clients. But one after anonther. A wonderful drive from Rostock to Berlin. At the end of the ride the announcement from the bus driver that please be looked again that you forget any things. One thinks oneself thereby "yes I think of everything". So good cheer and then: Oh no. My jacket is in the bus. At ALexanderplatz there is a luck a Flixbus office. And then the problems started. The employee did not really care about my problem and referred by default to the online form for the lost property office at Flixbus. Lt. Employees are unable to contact the bus driver. Ok, I thought. It\'s "just" a jacket. After 10 min the fright. My wallet is in the jacket pocket. Then the customer hotline called. My situation described that I left my wallet in the bus. It just happened and if you could not be so nice to contact the bus driver. The employee produced the text template for this request and reproduced these text modules in a bored monotonous tone. The passage "I\'m sorry to hear that" at the beginning of her lecture lesson I did not take seriously and I felt foolhardy. It made me rather angry how to handle customer problems. For training on congruence in the telephone consultation between conversation content and voice, there seems to be no contingent at Flixbus. Again, the standard monotone answer: Contacting the bus driver is not möglich.Ich the bus goes on to Dresden. So enabled friends in Dresden, who were so nice and drove to the time appearing on the website to the stop in Dresden. There 45 min on the bus from Berlin with my jacket and my wallet waited. Who did not come? The bus.In no way pleasing as on individual problems of the customer is received. The denial of contacting the bus driver for such an important thing as a wallet, I understand in any way. A problem that could be solved in 5 minutes to the satisfaction of the customer is now developing into a huge problem (card lock, anxiety about the ID card and 3 weeks waiting for information from the lost property office at Flixbus.) Not at all acceptable.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "Have left my cell phone in the bus I noticed only when the bus drove away. We then contacted the flixbus head office directly so the bus driver could protect the phone from theft. But these mean it would be impossible to reach the bus driver now. So far, so shitty service, but well. You mean I have to fill out a form online, because the lost property office can not be reached by phone. The guys did it smart. Then I would have to wait three weeks for my shitty answer. Of course it was not found. So instead of contacting the bus driver directly for me and not ruining my holiday with a bad mood, they only cost me more time and money with their very customer-unfriendly behavior. Because of course again some idiot plugged my phone hatte.So but that was not all ... On the way back then, I got to know the most unsympathetic bus driver of my life, so really as an A **** I met long net. Completely unfriendly overwhelmed and also rumkomandiert his colleagues. He always had to have the last word and was not ready to compromise. I had a really big backpack that had food and drink and a thin jacket if it was too cool. So I had to then clear my backpack in front of the bus and was not allowed to take him in. My food and drink I carried in on the poor. But apart from that, the really bad thing was the way the bus driver treated me. He just savored his position of power and it felt like he wanted to bully me. That's why this trip has shown me that I will definitely not travel with flixbus anymore ...", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Unfortunately, no good experience !! The bus from HD to Munich 6:05 was canceled. Instead, I was transferred a few hours before on the bus 8.20h (without a call, SMS, etc.). The remodeled bus was then still> 1h late, which made up for me in total over 3 hours. OK; Of course Flixbus can do nothing for the traffic jam. The complaint was answered with standard text as follows. Unfortunately, I do not feel that any customer is taken seriously. For the stress - or better against the stress that I had - I prefer to put a few euros more on the table and drive Bahn.Standardantwort looked like this "Dear FlixBus customer, thank you for taking the time to us your concerns Our timetables are carefully planned to ensure that our guests arrive at their destination comfortably and reliably, which makes us all the more regretful that it was not the case in your case, but delays sometimes lead to events which, despite the utmost care and attention In the event of a delayed departure of 120 minutes or more, you can cancel your journey and reimburse the travel costs, but delays that occur after your arrival in the course of your further journey are excluded. However, if you take part in a delayed journey, there is no right to any refund or compensation In this regard, please do not comply and politely ask for your understanding. We hope to be able to convince you again soon of our reliability and we would be delighted to welcome you once again aboard one of our green buses. SincerelyFlixBus customer service "Subtony:" It is your own fault if you take part in a delayed trip and not resign "That\'s how you bark customers!', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'I had to change from Linz to Klagenfurt & you had to change at St Michael. The bus driver could not find my luggage & then he said if he had known, he would not let me ride. The bus to Klagenfurt is just continued although he knew that 2 people have to continue to Klagenfurt! I asked the bus driver to contact the other bus driver because otherwise I would not come to Klagenfurt. He did not want to call him it did not matter I had to argue with him for a long time, he just did not want to call! In his opinion, I should have continued with the train where not even a connection was there plus I had no money for the train !! I wanted to know the name of the bus driver, he did not even want to let me know, so he just drove off! It was a Sunday, and I, as a woman, just stood alone in the middle of the night on a dark and unmonitored train station! SUPER CUSTOMER SERVICE I MUST SAY! That\'s a joke! My mother had to drive me from Klagenfurt to the "Obersteiermarkt" at 9 pm because otherwise I would not have come home and most likely would have stayed there !!! Today I know the name of the bus driver: APNAR FRANZ! I was also a customer for many years and I went with your bus almost every weekend, but now I will not recommend you any more;) By the way, the toilet also smelled of the whole bus & some had to go all the way Drive long nose shut;) UNSAUBER PLUS CUSTOMER EMPLOYEE :) "best regards";)', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "If a connection is missed, then take care of the dirt! A trip from Hamburg to Frankfurt, for example, takes 10 hours, but is far too uncomfortable equipped! The ICE is often GENAUSO expensive and a threefold faster !! You just have to find the right offers! The entry is often already late and pure chaos! Do not support this, it's your nerves !!", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "On arrival of the bus big confusion with all passengers ... if now the bus on the Bratislava is driving to Munich! The drivers could not ask since both spoke no German (French!). When unloading the luggage, I climbed into the hold myself to give other passengers their bags before I could reach mine. That's what I call service!", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'The bus was already 1 hour late. I called the hotline and a man answered the phone. He just tells me that the bus is 10 minutes late. What ironic statement. In the bus, my girlfriend, I was allowed to sit next to a stranger person. It was probably too much expected, that if you book as a person for two seats and also want to sit next to each other .... Well the toilet is already as the bus driver said, up to the top full and advertised on the website Wlan not available. Sockets do not exist either. At least not at the seats, within reach. So my girlfriend and I can spend the bus ride separately next to strangers. And I just learned that this is just a spare bus and not one of Flixbus itself. Thank you for Flixbus Dach GmbH for this lousy return. Since worth the DB ticket for € 40 defiinitiv more!', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'I was really excited about the store ... But honestly ... the app of which has spun we could not buy a ticket then the bus .. and the values \u200b\u200bago bus driver could not speak German or English ... The question of whether we can buy a ticket as it is possible, would only be phoned and started without a comment ... Applause ... well that was the last time ..', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'You can travel with nothing, absolutely nothing worse and more uncomfortable than Flixbus. All have no idea who work in the company, the bus drivers drive complete detours (sometimes just around circle, anyway). The toilet is disgusting and you can not sleep. Do not understand how such a company in general can have such a good rating. I give a star because I can not give zero stars. NEVER AGAIN!', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Bus left from a changed stop, without that it was necessary for me and the 6 other passengers to give notice. A refund of the fare I have, even after several requests, not received. Very bad service!', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "I was on a bike ride with a friend from Holland to Denmark and for the return trip we picked out Flixbus. Actually everything looked so easy, select stops, pay, done. However, the online site was not optimized for small screens so we could not book through our phones. Paypal refused access, direct debit was not possible (Billpay did not seem to work) and the credit card could not be changed from Mastercard to Visa. So called the hotline and there began the horror. In an infinitely long process, I explained the entire booking to the employee. She explained to me that the Flixbus system (Billpay) is currently not working, but I still have to pay an extra fee if I want to pay by credit card. She then wrote my name twice wrongly (in 2 different ways) so I did not get a booking confirmation. Both my name and my friend's name were misspelled on the tickets. When I subsequently complained to Flixbus and also wanted to return the booking fee for the credit card payment, I got a standard email that had nothing to do with my case (!)!", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "Without words. I am very disappointed ...... Have missed connection bus although we have announced by phone that the current arrives later. From the central office, a wait was half to secured - that's it then ..... then we asked how we should come from Berlin ZOB to Erfurt. The telephone information from the head office was analogous: Book a new ticket / the previous connection was on time. The previous one? And further? On my question whether you could charge the current ticket I was told: 15min. Paradoxically, how should I cancel if the bus drives away in front of my nose. Then the offer was a spontaneous booking with a cost of 107 € but with almost 4h wait & change and impossible times. The on-site staff was helpful but more or less powerless. The center cheeky, outrageous and brash. 2.5h wait overnight? With a minor and a doctor's appointment the next day? Although in AGBs it is that customer-friendly etc. is. Also that fall back on other Verkehrsmitell in appropriate situation and take over costs. I mean, we are 2 students and do not have the funds to leaf through 107 € of course. I am not the human for hasty prejudice, but the telephone consultation of the headquarters was more than getting used to. The terms and conditions, I would read instead of some employees again. We are students, but have some lawyers in the family / circle of acquaintances. For manchne 107 € may not be much, but for us already, in addition, it is itself worked out.I am very tolerant and understanding, but I can not offer anything! Ps .: Many employees are very nice and great !! Nothing to complain about.", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Completely outrageous staff !!! We booked a ride with change, however, we were stuck in traffic and then called the head office, which assured us that is waited (of course not). When we went to the information we were obliged to pay a new ticket, although Flixbus assures that they are looking for a replacement bus or accommodation. We should rather wait 3 hours at night and then change again and wait there 1 1/2 h (for 107 €). So an impudence to leave the customers at night and this for their mistakes, they do not pay. Would never recommend this company. Deutsche Bahn is much more uncomplicated and polite!', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Absolute impudenceThe bus from Hamburg to Engen was totally overcrowded.I then had to take the bus 4 hours later to Stuttgart.Statt at 19.45 in Engen I was at 22.50 in Stuttgart.Völlig rude staff no Kostrückerstattiung', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Three times booked tickets and NO times with promised FlixBus! No internet, no extra space between the seats, no possibility to buy something (drink or food), no sockets! So NOTHING from the promised. Only so-called "PartnerBuse" -.- Corrosive! The hammer was when the bus has not arrived and for me and my friend for the ride was checked in anyway! Shame!!!! At the hotline of the listeners was thrown !!! And now they say that to get the money back I should CANCEL the trip !!! HAHAHA !!! Is it even more absurd?!?!?!', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'A company that gives nothing to individual employees! One more or less does not matter then! I had to put down a Volbremsung because a Kamikaze driver of FlixBus accordingly changed the track .... Well that can happen, so far so good .. At the next traffic light he demonstrated his middle finger to me in front of his clientele Pöbelnd! The FlixBus company is not interested in that, I am still waiting for an opinion .... Bravo', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Hi guys, please keep your hands off Flix bus. My son and I wanted to drive to Dresden today, unfortunately we had to wait in the cold for the bus 1, 5 hours. We also tried to call the service from the Flixbus. Unfortunately, we have no competent answer to the question (when will the bus finally arrive?). Likewise, the telephone service has an infinite waiting loop and when we reached the service of Flixbus expected us an incompetence of the finest. And even more came to This "fabulous trip" that one could not make a regular cancellation. The only thing you get as compensation, is a coupon from Flixbus, because you can redeem but only in a renewed Flixbusreise.Leider -0 points for the rating .The trip to Dresden and the mood ruined.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'At all journeys min. 2 hours waiting time (3 trips) In addition, one was constantly stopped (every 15 minutes notified) From this one can conclude that Flixbus goes by quantity instead of quality and is therefore extremely unprofessional / acts!', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'I still do not understand why you expect the passengers with a neglected, drunken man to sit for 3 hours in a bus uriniert obviously several times in the pants and has more, the whole rear compartment has stunk so much that all places around him had to stay unused and we all had to sit separately from our own, even after several complaints came from the bus driver no reaction, the ride was inedible, we had to pull ourselves together not to break. Once again I do not drive Flixbus due to the incompetence of the employees.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'worst service I have ever experienced !!! You will never see lost things again! Internet is full of bad reviews! Flixbus why is there ever a lost property with you if anyway no one gets his things back?', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Do not do it!!!! Biggest shit ever, bus broke down and we had to wait 10 hours in the rain. RUBBISH!!!!!', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "The first contact, the ticket control, was not unfriendly. That's right for a long drive!", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'We drove with the Flixbus from Munich to Krakow.13 hours a never-ending nightmare.You would have to invite his own case where the two bus drivers watched. The bus was ancient when the front man worked his seat back had his head on his chest. There was no way to charge his cellphone and there were no drinks. And now the worst part, the bus had no toilet and it was also no rest stop with WC angefahren.Als me a stop in Regensburg to the driver said that I go out to pee said this is not because he stops only 5 minutes. I went anyway and had to pee in front of the entire bus crew to a tree. The bus driver had the whole night the radio which did not make falling asleep. All in all an inhumane ride. Back then I flew.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'HORROR Service.Bus missed, because BLACK and WITHOUT Flixbus logo or signs. After refund requests for the bus ride and the Ersatzzugfahrt I get now only a voucher for the bus ride, since the 3 months period is at. I have been answered only after 3 months !! On the phone is simply hung up and emails will not be received, but you get standard answers. Furthermore, the bus driver partly very very unfriendly disgusting people. The "customer service" is an impertinence !! Never again Fuckbus.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Bus driver was on the phone and was on the phone, the "customers" was not taken care of. Hardly had seating had to give us a place for handicap because you did not care. Driver could barely German .. has safety distance to other vehicles barely complied and very close to overtaking .. had the truck before us ne brakes made we would have gone on it ... never more flixbus!', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'I waited about 1.5 hours on a bus that runs about every 2 hours. When you call the hotline you have always heard the bus is in 5 minutes. The only thing that worked was the e-mail notification that the bus is delayed.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'My experience with flixbus is like a horror. My girlfriend and I, she is 6 months pregnant; arrived in time for Dresden neustadt stop. Half an hour before but nowhere was there a sign where bus is. Woman at the information in the station did not want to tell us that he is not at the train station neustadt but much behind. We took taxi to Berlin, paid 250 € to get to flight on time. We also asked other flixbuss drivers to take us to Berlin, they saw how bad we felt and how distraught we were because we missed our flight, but they did not want to take us though we wanted to buy a new ticket. All in all, a bad memory because of flixbus; or no good information where bus departure .. and no nice helpful driver.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "Complete catastrophe have something so outrageous rarely experienced. Not only that in this company, none of the German language is powerful and communication is therefore quite difficult. No it comes to the fact that the bus driver pushes me out of the bus. When I called then at the central office came only one we are sorry. Presumably the lady from the travel agency had accidentally sold me a wrong ticket. However, FlixBus does not blame itself because her * partner * sold me the ticket. As expected, I was unable to leave the call to contact the travel agent at 4:30 am. Now I'm standing here at the central station, with pain in my arms and must look for a new connections that I have to pay out of my own pocket. Thanks FlixBus! Really good and logical service you have there. Just as a tip if you do not want to be responsible for the mistakes of your partner then do not let them sell tickets for you! After all, FlixBus is on my ticket and not FlixBus and partner or bought from FlixBus partners. And your partner can not help your bus driver! Just as little as for your (in my opinion) incompetent hotline employees who hang up instead of finding a solution! Was the last time I mentioned mentioning the FlixBus!", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "At 16:00 o'clock in Hamburg started at 22:00 o'clock not yet in Berlin and conclusion bus not more to get to Leipzig the best was from the service center the connection bus costs free.", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'The bus just did not come .. no notification no info and no staff can give the information ... not recommended .. this is no way to deal with the customers', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "Unfortunately, I have had very bad experience with the lost property office + very unfriendly staff and customer service. I had forgotten my travel backpack in Flixbus by great stress. Have him drive away and immediately addressed staff, if they can give me the number of the driver to Dresden. They just scoffed at me because they can not have all the numbers; and anyway and that is now gone and I should fill out a form. I thought that was a pity that you could not just sort it out humanely. I knew where my backpack is, surely someone would have had the number of the bus driver. But no, everything online, everything by machine. ..Now I filled out the said online form on lost property. No one could help me with the hotline or give me a number. It said that the processing could take up to 30 days .. which I found very frustrating. Unfortunately, never came an answer. In the office, I called several times, no one knew what, could give me information, I was just repeatedly pointed out that I should fill out the online form.Clear, it was my fault, I should not have left my backpack, anyway I've already experienced more goodwill in such a thing. And at this point I was really disappointed with Flixbus!", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "Wanted for a JGA from Göttingen to Dortmund. At 22 o'clock the day before the bus journey was completely canceled by SMS. Next departure 5 hours later. I am waiting for the refund of the 8 travelers, zero reaction. Will now set a deadline by fax in writing. Train ride was more expensive probably not even a compensation Schad this had to end so", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Honestly. What shoud that?!!!!! We waited half an hour for the bus to arrive and then another 20 minutes for the bus driver. Is it possible that the bus comes ONCE AT TIME ONCE TIMELY?', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': '2 hours before departure notification that my trip has been canceled. In the short term, only a much more expensive rail journey could ensure that an important appointment could still be made. The cancellation of the superfluous and temporally inappropriate rebooking could only be done by phone. There was only a voucher and no money back. Since the return trip was already booked via Flixbus, this was started by me. The bus was half an hour late and during the 90km long drive the driver had to take a 30 minute break. Overall, the travel time has almost doubled. In the future, I will distance myself from this company. Too bad that it has the monopoly, as far as long-distance bus traffic concerns.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "This company doesn’t even worth one star. They’ve been always late refer to my experience and my friends’, it could be a miracle if you ever saw their bus arrived on time......the toilets on their bus couldn't be smaller and always filthy inside with terrible smelling, you gotta be very lucky to seat somewhere on the bus that couldn't smell the toilet during your trip. Their bus drivers won't help passengers load their luggages, no English speaking at all, one of the drivers even using his cellphone while driving. The worst part is they won’t take any responsibility if they lost passengers’ luggage. Can’t believe this kind of company is running.", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Hello, On August 20th, I was on my way back from Munich to Alsace. No direct journey unfortunately. I modified my initial booking by Zurich (45 minutes stopover, fearing to remain in the harbor) after the observation of the many delays Flixbus in Germany, for a change to Karlesruhe (1:20), to ensure a time I have traveled on line 027 on Sunday, August 20th, the bus left the motorway ... well before Stuttgart ... there was a big noise (front train, nest hen?) ... shortly after the driver informed us that we had to wait for Scania assistance in Stuttgart ... Only info sent by the driver ... Deaf to the demands of the many passengers with connections .. he told us "you have water, and toilets". But the toilets were already smelling smelly when I arrived on the bus, when the forced shutdown in Stuttgart, they were completely clogged! Unbearable smell at the height of the stairs to the floor !!! More than two hours late on arrival in Karlesruhe. No more connecting! By passengers, I learned that the next (and last) bus was full.Before leaving the bus, I asked the driver "where can I get information?" You have a ticket counter in the bus station "... no person Flixbus nowhere ... passages drivers were also" kind "their colleague! and I was left with no option of joining France by Flixbus! I am facing the railway station I ... you copy / paste for word, the first message Flixbus response to my request for reimbursement of expenses incurred. "Dear Passenger Flixbus, Thank you for your request and your interest in FlixBus.Nos schedules are carefully planned, so that our passengers reach their destination in comfort and reliability. We are sorry to hear that this time everything has not gone according to your expectations. Despite the greatest care and the best possible disposition, we have no influence on the hazards of road traffic. We regret the consequences of these delays for our passengers, but the responsibility of Flixbus can unfortunately, in these cases, be engagée.Il is important to us that you continue to give us your trust and we look forward to welcoming you to On our green buses. "Since then, there has been some exchange of messages, with all the useful details, I still have not had the slightest refund .. I find this unacceptable, and do not plan to stop there. I must say that Flixbus France is at the top, schedule, service, cleanliness of toilets, kindness and availability of drivers (I joined Marseille a few days later, ditto for the lin e to Toulouse) Too bad, we can not put "zero star, I would not hesitate! # 8045419440', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'NEVER AGAIN !!! Bus left without us before the given time. Subsequently, service hotline called, result: even worse and incompetent service. The bus did not come back. We had to come on our own from a rest stop in nowhere to Berlin. Now we wait curiously if / when we get our luggage and whether the bill for our "detour" as promised by flixbus is paid.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Bus not arrived (delayed by more than 4 hours); we would have to quickly buy the expensive train tickets to Frankfurt to create (not to miss our flight). So we have incurred increased costs through Flixbus. And what did we get for it? A "generous" Flixbus voucher i.H.v. just under 36 euros (almost the price for the tickets). And not without a problem: only after a letter exchange. In the beginning, Flixbus said we went by bus (which did not arrive, and then on the train AND bus simultaneously?). And the train tickets we bought for 103 euros ... well, no compensation. And what this 36 Euro voucher? We wanted to have our money! And transferred back to the account. We will make a big bow around this company!', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'I was sent a notification that the bus has a delay of 20 minutes. I was 10 minutes before the departure time with 20 minutes delay at the stop. When the bus was not there after more than 1 hour, I contacted the service of FlixBus. I was told that the bus had no delay and left without me. I was not informed that the bus drove without me. In addition, I have received no refund for the ride, even if I was told on the phone that I get a refund. To get to my destination, I also had to book a new bus for 19 euros (actual bus cost only 14 euros).', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'My girlfriend and I, both 17 years old, were on their way to Hamburg, in Gießen a stop was put in at a gas station. Although Flixbus presumably claims the opposite in the media as usual: the bus driver did not announce departure time. We were as quick as possible on the toilet in the gas station. When we came back, the bus was just starting. Despite running, waving and writing, the bus continued with our luggage and hand luggage with money and everything! At least we still had our cell phones and were able to call the hotline. This was not particularly cooperative: Within two weeks, the luggage can usually be found again. A clarification with the bus driver was refused with the note, this can not be reached by phone. What is this bad business? We waited two hours for the next bus. For the ride, the purchase of a new ticket was necessary. Our luggage then picked up friends for us in Hamburg, Flixbus has not provided any support. Our letter to Flixbus has not reacted to this day. Never again Flixbus.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Punctual buses and a miserable info systemBestfalls for freaks with a lot of time and a soft spot for dubious stops somewhere in the middle of nowhere suitable. Cross-border rides offer an interesting supporting program by fellow travelers with insufficient or non-existent documents but also a lot of extra time should be taken into account.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Grottenschlecht. Will never drive with you Only 3 hours late, rude, toilet broken, drove off where customers had no seat. When I arrived at the destination with my husband my suitcase had disappeared. Ad is placed and lawyer is also on', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "Can I give this company 0 stars?? It is the worst! Please people, never use it!! The cancelled my parents' bus, sent only a small message and did not help them out of this situation! When they called the customer service, the guy there talked to my parents as if it was their fault!!! So disappointed!!!! HORRIBLE!!! PS: you cannot leave a comment on their official page, it seems to me, that they just post some fake comments... THE WORST!!!!!!!!", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'From Dortmund to Paris..Newieder !! Very cold inside and every 20 minutes make the light on you can not sleep! Thanks to FlixBus, we fell ill. Delays ... staff can not speak German! I do not need to talk about the toilet it stinks unbearably!', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'The positive first: Flixbus stands out first and foremost by low prices and by occasionally functioning WLAN on board. Unfortunately, the Flixbus company treats its customers as if they all had no scheduling. In about 10% of all trips that I have made with Flixbus so far, there were no delays. These are not always communicated to customers, so you can also wait for hours at the stops. Trips are almost always planned so that the targeted travel times are not unsustainable. Regular driver changes are made during interim stops at motorway rest stops instead of stops, which is almost always time-consuming and as good as always longer than the announced "10 minutes". If an incident such as an accident or a defect happens, it can only be for hours until replacement is provided. As for the cancellation, I am also very dissatisfied. It has happened to me more than once that Flixbus has rebooked me for other trips because the booked trip has been canceled. Since these had never suited me, however, I was allowed to pay the cancellation fee to get a part of the price back. Whereby getting money back would be overpaid, because there is no money back. The company Flixbus finally dares to send only coupons. Conclusion: If I did not depend on the low prices to be able to go home regularly as a student, I would NOT recommend this company to anyone.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'They do not wait for passengers, even on international long-haul flights, and they lie on the phone (hotline) when they say that any costs incurred will be reimbursed for delay. Most of their bus drivers are incompetent and often do not even know where to go. Only the buses are very good, but otherwise everything is a joke. On the website there are only positive reviews but if it goes on, no one will drive more with the Flixbus. They are not customer focused and let their customers down. Terrible that something like this comes from Germany. I am very disappointed unfortunately. Buses are not trains and you have to wait for the passengers, especially on long international trips and you have to know the number of bus drivers for the older people.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Not recommended if you have an instrument to transportSuddenly they changed the rules and now the instruments are not allowed up in the bus. I travel so many times with my instrument and was never a problem...And I am talking about a violin which is allowed IN the plane for example, as a hand luggage. Also to be able to leave it in the luggage room I had to pay an extra tax... what if something happens and my instrument is broken? We are talking about thousands of euro. Bad experience. Never again.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "Very badI've bought a ticket for my husband Berlin Tegel - Szczecin. The bus never arrived and it was a t 23.35... no contact with the company.... Very bad service, I don't recommend", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Bad experience almost 2 hours in Leipzig confessed and without Nachrichten.Eernbst the company I had to call myself and it went after 1000 times try someone first turn.Frech and antisocial behavior! The guy was a foreigner and could hardly speak German. My husband since sick and is in treatment. Fast 2 hours between road and rats on the juice shop on wheels have waited. No end damage was still received with cheeky words. Display and further steps on the run itself the Flixbus Center in Berlin is good for nothing. You can slow down with car and Deutsche Bahn is safer on the road than with the store here. Also the driver a foreigner hardly German. Have no coal for decent drivers? The life of the passengers is the shop but nice .... No matter what you should ban .. .!', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "I was in Vienna on 23/7/17 and we were half an hour early, we looked at the panel and saw our bus and it said we had to wait at gate 4. We went inside the building at the bus station and a guy scanned our passes and gave us a blank card, we then waited at gate 4 but an hour later still nothing. Later we find out that all the panels showing the buses were frozen and showed the buses from the night before, you can at least turn them off! So we called Flixbus and they said they couldn't refund us immediately because we were checked-in, which never happend at the bus but inside a station. She promised I would get my money back and I would just have to buy new tickets for the next bus (7 hours later) then I had to send an email and I'd get my money back. They answered that my email and said it doesn't fit their requirements for a refund. This is fraud, lying and making me believe I'll get my money back, and then never actually getting it back, this is an absolute SCAM!", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Disaster, extreme delays and a lying customer service. Just stress with those.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Departure with one hour delay, just good that I got a text message in the 35 minutes delay was when I was there. There are also 11.90 € too much money !!!!', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Buses are regularly too late. Not a few minutes, but 1-2 hours is normal. You can nowhere to ask if the bus is still to come. In the app past trips are not displayed. One stands unaware, sometimes at night, and hopes someone else will come. Drivers can not speak German and are stressed out.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "Flixbus, it is cheap, but its service sometimes is very bad. At 09,Sep, 2017, I wait for the bus from Frankfurt airport to Bonn. The bus didn't come. Three hours late, i had to take train. No message, the services don't speak English. And last month, i bought a ticket in internet, i paid the money, but the website was blocked, therefore i didn't get ticket. This company didn't pay back until now.", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "After failure of the bus route (without substitute / alternative bus) no repayment of the ticket price - and meanwhile three wrong automatic answers to my inquiry (1. I would have had to cancel, if my travel plans change, 2. repayment only from 120 min delay, 3. Offer of a voucher - instead of the required and legally due reimbursement). Delays and failures can happen to any company - but I've never experienced such bad customer service.", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Our bus from Frankfurt to Kiel (we had already 12h drive behind us, were accordingly broken) fell against the ads, after a transfer we had to wait with our luggage without seat and toilet an extra hour and change more, in HH finally The connection bus also failed. Here all travelers were not rebooked, but it was only said one "try" us on the next bus mitzubekommen, so again longer wait and without security that you come along. After the bus finally total chaos, the travelers were treated like cattle, who pushed the most came with, the rest stopped and had to wait another 2 hours. After complaint no goodwill, we would have accepted the alternative connection yes and no longer than 120 minutes at a time additionally maintained ... Never again!', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'The bus driver was incredibly rude and complacent. We felt totally uncomfortable to even get on this bus. In addition, the bus had a delay of 40 minutes. I drove for the first time with Flixbus and that will certainly be the last time. Was a really bad start to the long-awaited holiday thanks to Flixbus!', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Too often on time. Use the service regularly for 3 years, but recently made only bad experience. Does not allow reliable scheduling. Not recommended.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'My departure time to the airport was over an hour backwards. A punctual reaching my flight therefore no longer possible. On request at Flixbus my ticket therefore to cancel I was informed then only from a delay of 120 minutes a resignation would be possible. My Money thus set in the sand! the word good luck apparently for Flixbus a foreign word', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Have just had a long conversation with the Austrian hotline. My father had booked the bus from Innsbruck to Munich at 11:40, which was canceled at short notice via SMS from FlixBus one hour ago. There is no alternative but to take the line in the afternoon meaning that my dad would miss the flight. The lady in the phone line could neither help nor was the supervisor to speak. According to information, he is not to speak for customers. Are totally disappointed with this service.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "I booked a trip to Szczecin Główny - Hamburg with a transfer in Berlin SE. I had to wait for an hour to change. I do not know Berlin, and on the ticket it was written that I was going to Szczecin from Szczecin, so I did not think at all that instead of Berlin ZOB is at the airport, and from the airport to Berlin I have to get myself. This would not be a problem if I was informed about it. On Berlin I was at 19:20, and the bus to Hamburg was to leave at. 20:20. After asking the airport employee where the Flixbus stop is from where he is heading for Hamburg, I went to the designated place. At. At 20:45 I called on the infoline where I was informed that my bus had departed plannedly from Berlin ZOB in the direction of Hamburg. When I asked if I was going to get a refund for this ride, I was told that it would still be there anyway. I ended up having to take a city bus to Berlin's main station, buy a train ticket for 70euro and wait for it for two hours. I should have been in Hamburg at 11 o'clock. 23:30 I was there at 00:46. I certainly would NOT recommend it.", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Did on the way almost missed my flight, since he had almost a 2h delay. On the return trip exactly the same! In addition, I was sick for a week afterwards, because I had a fever the next day thanks to Flixbus. He drove with a broken rear window, which he covered with curtains. The driver also did not understand English or German. In the complaint email Flixbus said only, they are sorry for the inconvenience and they hope I would again want to travel with them again. I will really think twice if I travel again with the Flixbus.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Constantly delayed !!! Meanwhile regularly the toilets in the bus are either broken or simply stinking outside! The drivers are always friendly. Contact via their portal remains unanswered!', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Not recommended never again', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Once and never again. I stay with the train. Bus arrived 1 hour late - did not give any info, we all waited like the idlers at the bus stop. Bus driver irritated and unfriendly. 4 people could not with because a smaller bus came - no compensation. In Stuttgart with 3 hours (because of traffic jam - ok that can not do anything) arrived. Had to take a taxi home - get nothing refunded - were only 23 €, but not even an answer - annoying.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': '2 hours delay on both the return and the return journey from Villach to Munich', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'The bus was so late that the connection bus, also a Flixbus, could not be reached. The Flixbusangestellten at the counter and the emergency call hotline were completely unhilfreich. In addition, the waiting times were much too long both the counter and the hotline. We had to cancel the entire trip in a row.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'The bus is just 10 minutes ahead of time !!', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'I advised not to use the services of this carrier. I was ordered a bus from Cologne airport at 23.30, the bus was canceled 20 minutes before departure, and sent 3 messages about the booking, each of which canceled the previous one. As a result, money was not returned and I had to book a new flight. When I was driving back from Frankfurt to the airport, the bus was delayed for 2 hours. In addition, he just stayed so he arrived 4 hours later than planned (the driver made stops for half an hour, on which he bought and quietly drank coffee, I asked him to hurry up , he did not pay attention) as a result the bus should arrive at 14.20 and arrived at 17.00.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "I called the service hotline the day before to book my extra luggage. It was a small dungeon and a packed camping chair (together less than 20kg). The first time I called I talked to a very unfriendly lady at the other end of the line who had not even heard my request properly and told me the Flixbus did not carry such things. I almost let off steam and she quickly put on. At the request of my friend to call again we got a somewhat friendlier telephone operator, whom we described in what luggage it is and have given the measures. This was classified as additional luggage for a surcharge of 2 €, which I then expected. I was told that the bus drivers knew. When I was in the morning in front of the bus, nobody knew about it and they sold me for stupid. The behavior of the bus driver and his co-worker was stubborn and unprofessional. A rider who had the same problem, called sweetheart or sweetheart. The bus driver demanded for the camping chair and the pitch tent € 9 (total € 18!). A sum that I did not expect. 9 € I would have found okay, but for the fact that I had previously informed and thought I was on the safe side, that's not at all. When I finally got into the bus I switched off the WLAN after a few minutes, because the reception is very bad! I am very disappointed with the service from Flixbus.", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'The bus was 40 minutes late without notice and we arrived in Munich only 1 hour later than indicated. As a result, we have missed our flight in the amount of 1500 euros and the money is gone. Very unreliable. I got in contact and Flixbus said the delay can occur and which less than 120 minutes we would not get refunded. Bottomless impudence. NEVER AGAIN ! NOT RECOMMENDED !!', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'I have been trying to reimburse some of my vouchers from cancelled tickets, something they repeatedly told me, on the flixbus facebook page, that I can do . They told me I have to send an email with the request. What I get back from emails to flixbus is total nonsense, they give me email addresses that dont exist, tell me something about invoices that has nothing to do with my request or just write something about luggage on the bus. Iam trying for days now to get my money back.About the bus service: The buses are good compared to other bus companies. None of the buses ever were on time though. Average delay is probably somewhere around 30 min.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Worst conceivable service. After our bus arrived three hours later. Both at the information, by phone and via e-mail one was not helped. Very disappointing and not recommended. The first experience was not convincing, nevertheless I wanted to give Flixbus a second chance. In retrospect, it was the nerves and not worth the money. Also received other riders.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'The bus has 2 hours late and that is catastrophic.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "I do not only rate this ride, but the many that I have already done with FlixBus. 1. The toilet in the bus is often closed, which is often not informed. (It is not stopped for passengers who need to go to the bathroom.) 2. It can happen that when you get on the ZOB in Berlin, no one can tell where the bus leaves (scoreboards failed) and missed the bus because only the DEPARTURE of the bus is announced. One could tolerate these incidents if I did not regularly pay for rides that are as high as the DB's saving prices. (> 40 €). Flixbus came on the market to offer an alternative, which is now unfortunately without alternative and has the market monopoly. The service is becoming increasingly poorer in quality. Staff is often overstrained and therefore unfriendly. I would not drive a Flixbus, there would be alternatives !!", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'From DUSSELDORF to Sarajevo I had to pay 10euro for suitcases although I was entitled to 2 suitcases. From Sarajevo to DUSSELDORF I was allowed to pay 4euro even though I had already booked a ticket by mobile phone. I got a sheet which of course no one had looked at Almost 27st a break of 10min was made on request it was said that there was no break because the bus was delayed. But when the driver had to go to the bathroom they were stopped but the passengers were not allowed to get off. With a saying we should all eat and drink less then we do not need a toilet I find very naughty. I have turned to the company and did not even get a reasonable apology .Wanted me a good trip as if I would go again with this bus again in this humane conditions never again there I prefer to ride the train and pay more than to be treated like that. It will also wilk with wlan But you can use grad 4st at a ride of 27st. The next time I prefer to go with a touring company without wifi but with a friendly staff.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Absolute impudence! We had booked a Flixbus for the return from Krk (Croatia) to Munich. The bus had no working air conditioning, which made it inside about 38 ° C +, a bit warmer than already outside. Furthermore, the toilet was broken, there was no Wi-Fi or electrical outlets, not even curtains were available at our place whereby one additionally got the full sun. These were the worst 10 hours of my life, without exaggeration, for people with already existing circulatory weakness hell. It was unbearable, and in Slovenia we had a near-breakdown during which the bus drivers in the engine compartment tried desperately to save what can be saved. Finally, we were able to continue and then just missed all the connections that day in Munich. The only good thing was the stop in Austria where it started raining. I think the whole bus was not so happy about cold rain like this day ... NEVER AGAIN! (08.2017)', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Unstable conditions from getting in to getting out !!!! Unbearable stench, chauffeur loud and cheeky has insulted me on a simple question, groundless and loud! No information, no rest for toilet or legs represented on an 8 hour drive! No real passport control when boarding as he was in a hurry, arrived too late at the departure point at "Firenze" stop Piazzale Montelungo! We were rushed to just got the QR code and no proof of Intend required! I myself male 58 years old was not controlled! On the border to Switzerland a big turmoil in the bus! Armed person on board !!! Access by the police, the man took out his knife, we were all in danger! In addition, it had Illegale to Biard! This travel company is "bottom drawer" arrived in Frankfurt, I was an experience wealthy NEVER MORE FLIXBUS', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "It took Ages ,, Express''took bus from Amsterdam to Berlin, normally ıt was due to be max.8 hour I arrived home the day after.. 4,5 h rule drived went out of gas, no key to the gas waited in gas station .. not very well organized .. poor old guy! we were afraid ıf he would make it since he was 100 years old !!", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "Took a trip Barcelona(Spain) to Montpelier (France) suppose to take 3:50min at max ! After bit of googling this was best price travel time option;BUT was the wrong choice yes and it was! Unless you like to be treated like a shopping bag! and up for much of worst adventure and pushing your luck to limit.and like wasting your time ,money energy and no self esteem at all.In this case Flixbus is your best bet.We had a crap bus no air con and NO toilet and  yes BROKEN toilet.So Tweeted Flixbus bunch of sluckers on behalf of other unlucky passengers and we get reply 3hrs later forcing the driver for 10min w toilet stop!Compensation of 3 euro for the inconvenience !!!!So my friends if you travelling with kids or you can't  hold nature call for hrs and hrs than Flix is yours if not AVOID the crap and check out train or alternative route provider like Alsa or Euroline they are expensive Ouibus is worse .I'm still shocked and extremely disapponited  how an overage called transport company allowed to operate in EU without providing a basic service such as toilet to passengers and not been sued and hope Ministry of Transport can ban such savage behaviour that suppress our basic rights . Please see all my review regarding this on Twitter and FB Good luck", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'I bought tickets from Vienna to Warsaw and back. They got there good, and on the way back the bus was simply not found in the parking lot, since there were only 3 passengers, the driver stood somewhere behind the parking lot and left (as another bus driver of the same firm said). I had to spend the night at the station and buy tickets again and only online. Tickets for the bus that did not arrive were ordered on 01/21/2017 at 21.20 !!! I really hope that the firm will see my feedback and solve the problem, so that this does not happen again. No one will want to stay in a foreign country, where there are no acquaintances, at night alone!', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Flixbus cancelled trip Hamburg-Milano with no refundsOn 22 July, N07 line was cancelled by Flixbus, the available next connection was next day morning 7 am. Flixbus suggested to spent the night on bus stop. I asked for cancellation and refunds but they are denying refunds and pretending as if I have cancelled the trip, you can check records for evidence it was Flixbus who cancelled the trip due to their operational issues. Kindly look into this matter and refund my ticket amount for the journey which flixbus was unable to provide', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Unfortunately, I can only report bad experiences with Flixbus. I had booked a ride on the Flix bus from Friedrichshafen to Munich and waited for several hours on the (according to SMS at 15 min.) Delayed bus at a published departure point, on the correctness of me several times by telephone at the service hotline as well as on the information on the website of Flix bus as well as the stop had seized. There were also several other people waiting at the aforementioned stop, who had also booked a ride on the bus I booked. After a long wait, without any information about another delay, I called again to the service hotline. There I was informed that the bus I was waiting for was already "long gone". Apparently, the bus driver had erroneously driven to the otherwise approached stop at the city station to accommodate the passengers, without wondering that there were no guests waiting there. Unfortunately, the service hotline did not tell me the cellphone number of the bus driver, despite my request, so that situation - which I had already feared - would not have materialized. As a result, I had a time delay of about 3 hours and had to spend high costs for the parking fees of my companion and run back and forth several times between the original stop and the other station with heavy luggage in blazing heat. Also in the aftermath Flixbus was unfortunately not cooperative and I stayed at the extra cost that had caused the wrong departure point information to sit. As a "compensation" I was on the part of FLIXbus, unfortunately without any apology (rather, the passengers were accused, that they would have waited at the wrong stop) a € 5 voucher offered.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Many problems, here in short form: * Discount only with mobile app * Handyapp faulty (iDeal instead of Sofortüberweisung when downloading in Austria with current Android) and insufficient payment options (at least for non-Germans) * Support inadequate (Facebook and phone) and unfriendly * Registered on the website travel agency can not book any FlixbusreisenWanted a trip (round trip) for about 500 € book, with a 10% discount on the mobile app should give. The problem: On HandyApp there are only iDeal (for Dutch banks), direct debit (for Germans only) and PayPal and credit card. The credit card payment works only for amounts below 150 € (told me the phone support), so I had to register with PayPal and give a SEPA mandate and confirm the account. In the 2 days that this procedure lasts of course the price of the trip increased by 50 €. The Facebook support was very rude (just reinstall app and use other email address - no success). The phone support said if that with the denomination for the credit card does not work (because coupon so only for 1 booking) I should just go to the travel agency. On the Flixbus side, the next travel agency picked out and went -> unfortunately can not book, only in the headquarters in Linz. Then back and try again with another phone (both are on latest Android version) - no success. The day after that the PayPal account was verified and the whole thing worked but the support (Facebook / phone) was very contradictory and not helpful at all. To give me a 10% coupon for the website was also impossible, the app tells you, of course, that the direct debit only works in Germany after you have already typed his Austrian bank details, then promptly you can re-type all connections and passengers, because the 30 minutes time limit was exceeded. All this, after all, after a fellow travelers could not book through the website.0 / 10 - I will never book again. Dear 100 € more for a reasonable flight, I would not like this experience again. What scares me the most? After the 3 hours to book the tickets, only the 30 hours bus ride will come ...', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'New route between The Hague and Frankfurt. On the way to Frankfurt (bus came 30 min late) last week there were initially 2 drivers, a new lady who was friendly but the whole ride long with the other driver was talking loud about what a questionable company FlixBus was, with drivers who have to work continuously tired - started really great! In Dusseldorf, the two adopted and another new driver took over, this time alone. Has completely lost his way and not found the Frankfurt airport. In the end I was almost 2 hours late. Today, to be more specific right now, I am sitting on the bus back to Holland, and I should have been there by now. But I still have 2 stops before Rotterdam until I finally arrive, probably 3 hours late. The poor driver had no plan from the FlixBus navi and we were standing in Mönchengladbach for almost an hour before it started again a few minutes ago. I am really disappointed, even the small price is not worth the ordeal. Never again!', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'I could not cancel my trip from Paris to Lyon. It has to 5 min. before departure, the right to cancel and then get a voucher for another trip credited. After I explained my problem to the customer service that it does not work online and you should do something, I got instructions how to cancel online. I already knew how to do that and I explained everything. In the end, they no longer answer my messages and I can not get a coupon. Something may not be allowed! Incredible impudence!', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'I booked my ticket from Vienna at 16.10 to arrive to Bratislava at 17.10 because I was having another trip at 17.45, however the bus left Vienna till 17.00 which made me miss my next trip. I tried to talk to driver, but he just called two bodyguards who wanted to hit me and throw me away from the bus. I contacted their SD and they told me that the refund is only when it is late for 2 hours as in another way f** you!I was not the only person who suffered from their unprofessional behavior, but many other people in the same bus.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'The bus trip was not even canceled 24 hours before departure and automatically rebooked to 12 hours later. Although this trip could be canceled free of charge, to get on vacation nevertheless, this was not an option dar. Because this delay of 12 hours (not one time 24 hours before the original departure !!!) Was announced, according to Flixbus no claim for compensation Summarized: a lost vacation day without compensation, unfriendly bus driver and a booked out to the last place, crowded Bus.Finger away on Flixbus !!! (Unfortunately, I could not award zero stars, Flixbus does not deserve once a!)', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "Extremely bad costumer service!!The bus driver told me my bus was late and left me at the station, after waiting 15-20 minutes I called the costumer service, they told me the bus left as planned and the only thing I could do was wait for TWO hours for the next bus. I talked to a guy called Jonas, and it was almost impossible to communicate with him, and he kept doubting my questions and statement. He couldn't even issue a refund but told me to call in the next day and talk to them again if I wanted a voucher for my next trip.. No thanks! In the end I had to spend 30.10€ on top of the flixbus ticket, to go to Hamburg with train, since I had an appointment and couldn't wait the two hours.", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Booked four times and drove three times with more than one hour late. From the Flixbus staff on site only a annoyed "is just so, you can also go by train", the customer hotline was also not helpful and two mails was simply not answered. You really should only use Flixbus if you have no appointments and there is absolutely no alternative.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "Lousy customer service. Due to errors on their website, I received three order confirmations sent to my email. When I wrote to their customer service and did not receive one month's answer, I called them and sat in the phone queue for 40 minutes before giving up. The next day I caught a service worker who spoke a middle between Indian and English who was unable to find my tickets and I had to give up. A week later, I called again this time I got a job in a semi Danish speaking employee. In 17 minutes he could tell me that it was not him who refunded tickets but, on the other hand, some people in Germany and I would send them an email. Since I had already sent them an email, I thought that now I write a little more direct message in English and hope they want to answer me, but still unsuccessfully. Since these tickets have now cost me about 2 hours of work due to their miserable customer service, I no longer wish to use their buses, which I also wrote in my email to them. I hope, of course, just that I can get my money back, about 420kr.", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'In itself a great idea and a great thing. Cheap and comfortable rides including Wi-Fi and socket. Actually, I would distribute 5 stars for this. Unfortunately, Flixbus fails due to a miserable find system and mysteriously disappeared items. At the end of the day, I was the last one to get off the bus and forget a bag with valuable items on the top shelf. According to Flixbus, all buses are searched at the end of the day (the bus driver also said while driving that would be the last ride for today). For lost things there is unfortunately no telephone service and you have to fill out a form. I waited for an entire month for the answer. It was then only that nothing was found and basta. The service here is so incredibly bad - you hardly get support and has no direct contact. On the phone you do not help one. On the internet, I was able to research that many got their things back - but these were just clothes or rather worthless items. Jewelry, laptops, mobile phones and the like usually do not seem to emerge anymore. (There are really hundreds of contributions) Despite the really great Fernbussidee I have to deduct all stars. That expensive items disappear (whether in the bus or later in the lost property office) is simply not - I want to make any direct blame, but something does not seem to vote there. Here, the company must immediately take consistent measures. In addition, the service in this regard is absolutely ridiculous - it will help anyone. Also the things you do not get replaced. Sorry Flixbus - NoGo! For me the next trip is: take nothing or chained by the hand ;-)', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "So I'm horrified that I almost missed my bus because no information came from the Flixbus or received too late .. Impossible that you get about 30 minutes before departure an e-mail that has changed the departure! .. then the 2 point man is on the spot on the track 34th to bsp. Coming nothing .. other travelers have to inform then that the track has changed .. impossible that man does not exclaim something o. The bus driver draws attention. .. & then come the upper hardness in the service is offered that there are small snacks and drinks are available .. unfortunately not the case, in return, you have to say let you have to endure .. impudence .. !!", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Is always bad unfriendly unclean and especially always late', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Low quality serviceI had to deal with this service during my trip Copenhagen to Hamburg and back, and I would strongly recommend others to avoid it for the following reasons:1) Bus drivers were rude and uneducated, they don\'t speak English, they even cannot ask for a passport properly, and then reply as it is your fault (with reproach and disrespect).2) There was no WiFi connection and so take into account you need to rely on your data roaming during the trip.3) Even after horrible trip, you have to tolerate their "spam" (promotional) emails, as the link "Unsubscribe" simply doesn\'t work.4) Cost wise - there are better options, train, airplane, (even flights sometimes are cheaper and faster).Wish you nice journey.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'We wanted once again with flixbus from Karlsruhe to Frankfurt aéroport as it was the cheapest solution was unfortunately 20 minutes late and the bus driver was rude and asked for each suit again € 10 after an hour we are in a traffic jam because of serious accident we are two kilometers on highway A67 marches and again with the taxi from Darmstadt to aéroport, costs again 100 euros and of course the flight missed new flight ordered cost again extra 770 euros so enough apprenticeship spent, never again with flixbus point', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'NEVER AGAIN. Everything went well from Dortmund to Frankfurt. 4 hours drive for the track without congestion really crass. From Frankfurt I comb no further. The staff outside had no plan and was too good to see where the bus is still (frankfurt - Basel) So I wait the hour and asked inbDer Std often if you could tell if the 107 was already there. Since I never saw him and looked at all my buses if it was the number. At 13:40 I learned then the bus is already gone .... So of course I got me a ticket for home. No idea where for the Flixbus helpers are there if they have no plan anyway from their buses. It was synonymous no 107 somewhere .... Now to the equipment: no charging stations (for people with 10sts does not drive the true) 150mb Internet? Eh little bit.Toiletten sink like anything else. Air is just disgusting and stuffy in the bus. Seats very uncomfortable and hardly legroom. You should also see for yourself how to put the suitcase in ... I miss Postbus. It always appeals to me, One would even have an app where Postbus made several films, audiobooks and books preparation and always aktuell.Fazit: Flixbus never more I prefer number more and ride on the train ....', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "I chose Flixbus because it was the cheapest way to travel from Brussels to London. With the outward journey and the direct return the time window was big enough. I was traveling with my 9-year-old daughter to allow her to spend a holiday with her mum. One hour before departure (11 clock at night) came the first message that the bus is about an hour late. OK. That can still be done. After 2 hours we were already at just under 5 hours late. The train station in Brussels had been closed for a long time and there was no way to get warm. So my daughter tried to sleep on her suitcase a bit. It was cold, in the middle of the night and no protection from the weather or the possibility to warm up. After reporting that the bus is 5 hours late, I decided to take a taxi back home. It was already 3 o'clock in the morning. I can not risk my daughter getting sick in any way. The whole thing is a huge impudence. Apart from the psychological story for my daughter (she would have finally seen her mom again after 2 years and was therefore very much looking forward to it ... for children then a world collapses and then who has to pay it? Certainly not Flixbus) come even more meaningless spent 180 € for bus and taxi. And there was no trace of the promised snacks on the website. Unfortunately, I can not express my not entirely positive feelings clearly enough. But I'm crazy pissed !!!", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Cheeky driver. In addition, even at the break on time. Let the passengers stand in the pouring rain for 15 minutes. Bus totally germinated. It was raining. Toilet a joke. Reminded of a miniature version of a Bahnhofklos! On arrival ... .. Flap on and take a look for yourself as you come to the suitcases. Older and disabled passengers are dependent on themselves or on nice fellow travelers. Sorry but s.Service and customer-oriented communication is the service at the guest still clear air up. In the route BLN / MUC once driven back and forth and it was both times the same. Unfortunately, I can not recommend Flixbus! Here the guest is treated like livestock.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Bus has the wrong number and the driver has no idea.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "Line 123 from Berlin to Nordhausen (30.06.2017)). Ask me who stops such a bus driver! At the beginning of the ride you will zugetextet a half-hour felt about the Klobenutzung. The men on board, which was advised to sit down 10 times, is threatened at the end to complete the toilet when a check on this nice lady, urine stains on the toilet seat are found. During the entire journey, not a male passenger visited the locations. So much for that. Then the lack of skills as a bus driver. You need for the route from Berlin to Halle, which is otherwise to create in 2 hours, 3 1/2 hours. Instead of driving around the traffic jam appropriately, she calls a Timo instead. I mean, I've had a lot of congestion on the track before and other bus drivers are getting baked to avoid a traffic jam and arrive fairly punctually. In her opinion, one should approach such a situation with humor. However, this is very difficult if you have appointments and has decided in advance between the train and bus. Clearly wrong career choice. Tram driver would have been better there. For such cases, it would also be good to generally increase the data volume for the WLAN. 150 Mb are really lean and very retrograde for our time. I'll think twice in the future if I drive with Flixbus.", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'We had booked with the wheels a ride from Isselburg to Amsterdam on 23.06.17. Scheduled departure was at 11:25. We were at 11:00 at the bus stop (large parking lot for trucks, no bank, no shade). When the bus was still not there at 11:50, we called the hotline and we were told that the bus would be there at 12:00 at the latest. At 12.15 clock the bus was still not there and after another 3 calls to the hotline was opened at 12.50 clock that the bus is no longer coming, so the stop Isselburg has not hit.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'I have used this company twice. The first time my connecting bus was 2 hours late. The second time they messaged me to say my bus was an hour late. When I arrived at the new time the bus has already left 10 minutes after the set time. Really stressful and awful experience. I will never use them again.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Feel cheated by the company and am shocked at how bad and rude the customer service was. Then dear Bahn.Antwort: I have reported by form, phoned several times, Facebook sought with you a solution and was at Alexanderplatz in your great store. Therefore, I do not describe details, but only my overall impression, because I am sure that the individual customer does not care anyway.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Flixbus Konstanz-Berlin on 22.06.17My ride from 22.06.17 can not be beat in a negative way.Konstanz - Berlin without a break until far behind Münchberg. No information since Munich. Agressive bus driver (understandably overloaded). We inmates wanted to inform the police to control the bus. Unfortunately we did not. About 2: 30h late, on arrival at the Berlin ZOB, waiting travelers to Salzburg, chaos at the suitcase issue and the travelers to Salzburg in our Stinkebus. Great!', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'At the beginning still the trains by the Preis.Jetzt by unfriendly behavior (customers are sometimes shouted at by the bus drivers and insulted, despite timely arrival and questions of the driver to open the door, drive the buses in the nose off, ... ), Delay from experience about 70% of the buses (up to 3 hours) and poor quality (belts to buckle do not work partially, mostly not working or very very slow Wifi, ticket data change does not work, etc.) in the last two years Also in my circle of friends, the popularity of Flixbus has diminished and most of them already prefer the more expensive trains or drive themselves, even among students! If Flixbus wants to remain the market leader in this area, something has to be improved within a short time, otherwise predictable that sooner or later Flixbus will go bankrupt. What a pity, it started so well ...', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'I dont typically write reviews of any service but I do feel it is vital for me to share my experience riding flixbus Brussels to Amsterdam and back. The bus driver was completely RUDE, BORDERLINE RACIST and OUT OF PLACE. My friend and I am starting to eat chicken and burger when the bus driver yelled at us saying our food makes the people sick. That high pitched voice and rude behavior is inappropriate for a service-oriented job. He further added, this time using the microphone, that CHINESE OR JAPANESE or ASIAN food should not be eaten in the bus. My friend and I are of asian descent. He added smelly food is completely prohibited. We both felt completely uncomfortable during the duration of the trip and vowed never to use this transport service again. We also intend to inform our "Asian" friends to avoid this service as much as they can. I would also like to add that on our outward journey another driver was yelling at a korean passenger for not being able to properly lock the comfort room. This despicable attitude towards selected passenger group is utterly unacceptable. Im not sure if this is a corporate attitude but surely its never going to translate into profits or at the very least encourage people to use the service.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Extremely rude bus driver. We brought snacks because we weren\'t able to eat the whole afternoon and thought that it will be okay because there is nothing stated on the FAQS on their website that food is not allowed. While trying to eat we were approached by the bus driver who shouted at us that we are not allowed to eat because we are inside a bus not a restaurant. He shouted that people are getting sick because of the smell of our food when we were eating burgers at that time which wasn\'t smelly at all. It was fine if we were not allowed but he did not stop there and even continually ranted for a few minutes then threathening us that we should leave the bus when right there and then we already stopped eating and was trying to put back our food inside our bags. I told him that we did not know about it and he shouted "STOP!", thus rudely interrupting me while I was explaining. He then proceeded to go to the microphone telling everyone that we are not allowed to eat asian or japanese food or any sort of food. When was it not allowed to eat when you are travelling for almost 3 hours? When did this become an issue? Me and my companion were absolutely humiliated and is now discouraged to ever book with this company again.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Hello, I am very dissatisfied with the service of Flixbus. For the third time the ticket employee was very unfriendly on our arrival: we registered our 2 musical instruments extra online and online is 5 € for an instrument. But he let us pay € 9 and started arguing and becoming personal for no reason. When I said that he should be friendlier to us customers, he told me not to be so sensitive. It is enough, I do not drive again with Flixbus.Kundenfreundlichkeit null.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "Drive from Bremen to Berlin on 21.06.17 at 16.10 o'clock. Recommendation of the bus driver before the departure was that one should buy the ticket shortly before the departure but rather opposite at the ZOB Bremen instead of the driver himself. This was a misinformation, the ticket had then 43 euros instead of 19.90 euros Online cost. Had a 20 kilo suitcase, no help with loading or unloading. In addition, there was simply a break of 1 hour during the trip, 1 hour delayed arrived in Berlin. There was no wireless connection, no snack, no control of the toilet. CONCLUSION: For this price a disaster.", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Drive from Berlin to Cologne on 20.6.2017. When arriving in Cologne with 1.5 hours late, the suitcase was gone. Report to the police is done. Flixbus does not monitor the loading and unloading of luggage at all. Everyone can free at the trunk. Liability is excluded. We did not know that in advance. Other remote buses are that much safer.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'In itself great service and great idea - the forgotten items, however, are inserted by the bus staff / lost property office is unacceptable. In addition, you can reach anyone who can help you, but will be forwarded to a support center abroad. Lost property will also be processed ONLY by e-mail - after several weeks of waiting. Pigeons steal and bad communication are unfortunately a no-go for me, sorry people - as well as the otherwise good performance does not help.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'The service to the bathrooms is very bad, I am Mexican and I was traveling with my family from Cannes to Touluse in France, the lady who was in charge as driver denied us the entrance to the bathroom and never told us why, this in a very rude way , it is a pity that in a country of the 1st world things like that happen more, apart from that I did not even know how to speak English.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'No service. Hotline has no competence. Service base Munich as well nicht.Verhalten of most bus drivers not tolerable.12: 50 comes the news that the departure at 12:55 is delayed by 50 minutes. New departure so 13:45, but in fact the bus departs at 13:30 and leaves a handful of customers there. Also in the buses expired drinks (2016) are sold.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'My connection was completely canceled, a transfer to a less favorable (and not possible) ride was made without consultation. On the phone "service" you could make no rebooking on the desired date with the reasoning "the system would not allow this." With Flixbus seem to be already states like Air Berlin.Es was, however, almost to assume that after the monopolization of the service gets worse. Too bad.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Treat people like cattle RUDE AND SHOUTI\'ve made this Berlin Paris return journey twice now and the only thing I wish is next time to be able to book enough in advance to be able to afford plane tickets. NO MORE BUS! I really never write reviews but this is too much the German drivers are SOOO RUDE they shout at people like we\'re cattle - literally! They seem to have completely forgotten that the people they transport are CUSTOMERS WHO PAY THEIR SALARIES! They sometimes try to make a few jokes at the beginning of the travel but good luck understanding it\'s only in German. This "sympathy" doesn\'t compensate their rudeness at all in my opinion. - Don\'t put any fragile items in you bag going in the lock it will be (every time) thrown literally on the floor and in/off the lock as a piece of garbage in the trash - and they\'re very likely to throw bags on top of yours. - I write this as we just went out for a 5min break and in the middle of the break someone was walking a bit too far for the driver\'s (or should I say Kommandant?!) taste. The driver went completely mad and shouted at him to come back (I guess, German again...) and cancelled the break for everyone shouting all passengers to get back on the bus. "no brain, no break" ("kein kopf" that\'s all I understood with my bad German level) - And last but not least... Don\'t forget your ID it\'s been twice now I see people getting denied the access to the bus. Story#1: Tears, shouting, familiy stuck at the Paris bus station at 9pm with no care, rudeness, and no compassion whatsoever. No solution offered for them either for where to spend the night, they are left on the street just because one person amongst 6 have no proper ID?! But they have loads of papers, they paid their tickets, they have small babies, they look totally desperate and the only thing you find is to shout at them in German and a few English words?! "NO PASSPORT NO BUS!".... Honestly after that you leave and make jokes? Personally as a passenger I feel awful and disgusted to be in this bus, leaving Paris with a family in tears on the parking. Story#2: leaving Berlin this time. They made a woman cry again. She is pregnant and she has a ticket but apparently not the right ID?! It last about 15 minutes of shouting at her and her crying. Everyone is kind of boarding, she\'s going to be left in the evening at the bus station. Fortunately a girl speaking German starts being on her side and shout at the driv-Kommandant and they all finally realised that she - as a EU citizen - has the right to travel in this bus and her ID papers are enough. She finally got in the bus... Lucky EU passport... NOW SERIOUSLY GUYS YOU ARE ONLY BUS DRIVERS MENT TO BRING PEOPLE FROM POINT A TO POINT B. Although I understand you are responsible for the security and respect of the rules of the company, being human shouldn\'t be an option.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "Until now super satisfied, last time I forgot in hurry in Munich in the bus suitcase and an unfriendly employee of the entrepreneur replied, how could they forget in the bus only suitcases, on the question of whether the will be delivered and gets back ... the answer was , can not be found .. instead of calming you get such a brazen answer. I wonder if it is even investigated and whether they make an effort to help passengers to get back the lost stuff. To the good service not only requires comfort in the bus, but also to help in such emergencies. To the same Evening after I lost suitcases I entered an empty bus to ask if the bus to Trento left, the bus driver just screamed ... Go get out !!! I'm very disappointed ....... I was so frightened, could not sleep at night.I hope so much that my suitcase is found, I had my favorite things in it, and are also expensive ,", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Bus too late. Money has been debited and I have received an incorrect booking confirmation. I have to run after my money now. Telephone customer service is apparently responsible for nothing and e-mails are ignored. Would never drive longer distances and certainly make no important trips - as to the airport or important dates with this company. Since the monopoly position only bad.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'If you want to enjoy your trip, just choose another company!About 3 (three!!) hours of delay on arrival, very late information about the delay (I received messages as delay was increasing from 30 minutes to 2 hours and a half, if I had known it from the beginning I could have searched for alternative transportation ways!)They do no recognize any reimbursement or compensation for this huge delay.And, finally, at the bus stop almost all buses arrived late... some people had been waiting for over 4 hours.Just avoid it and you will not regret!', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Bus driver was incredibly rude. Terrible experience - can not wish for such a trip anyone.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Extremely unfriendly driver !! (Driver number: 7761) First, he said you can not change the ticket from 20uhr to 18 clock, then he has sold us new and also said he can not give out but we can like to have a water for it! ???! In the bus were then only the two seats directly at the chauffeur front next to each other free (since we wanted to sit next to each other), we asked him to take his bag away what he replied only "please not there!" 10 minutes later we heard him talking on the phone and passed on the whole story completely wrong! Really the last one !!', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Bus left in Pb too early. Have nachgefahren the bus to Bielefeld.Durfte no longer use my ticket, but buy new ticket for € 40.00 again. NO It accepts payment. Was treated naughty, and left standing. Then I drove to the train station in Bielefeld and with ICE for 87,00 € to Berlin. Very naughty and unfriendly Busbegleiteri n and Busfahrer.Werde complain in writing. Never again with Flixsbus.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'I have always been a loyal customer to flixbus, however my last experience was thoroughly disappointing and the way the staff dealt with my concern was even worse. I had booked a ticket from Frankfurt to dusseldorf (12:55am, 2nd June) however, i along with 6-7 other passengers were left stranded in Frankfurt at night because flixbus had sent a black bus with another name and failed to inform us. I had to buy around 60 euros train ticket as I had an important appointment early morning in dusseldorf. When I emailed flixbus, they gave me a voucher "refund" which is useless to me as why would I want to use flixbus after this experience! When I messaged them again for a cash refund as a voucher refund would be useless to me, they ignored my message on fb and gmail. Thoroughly disappointed!', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "I got a text message 5 hours before my bus was due to leave telling me it was cancelled. I could have a replacement 24 hours later.It was 6:41 pm and  I couldn't contact any other bus companies. I was left stranded in Slovenia. A friend drove me to the border. I needed 13 hours, three trains and a bus to get to my destination. Costing me 180€.Strangely I received two further text messages at midnight saying my bus will be 14 minutes late then 34 Minutes late... turns out the bus was not cancelled just over booked.I now have to fight for a refund.... they are only offering a voucher. I will never travel with them again!!NEVER AGAIN!!", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'I drove on 25 May 2017 from Munich to Berlin for the first time with a FlixBus and will never do it again. During the entire journey (7 hours!) A disgusting smell of sewage from the loo kept coming into the passenger compartment. From other passengers I have learned that it is often the case or "the norm" in the Flixbussen. It was absolutely unacceptable - never again.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'This was definitely my last trip with Flixbus! Originally I was an absolute fan. I loved this uncomplicated way to travel because it was a cool and inexpensive alternative to the train and because the service was measured at the customer\'s request. Everything that did not bother anyone was allowed. If the bus was not too crowded, you could take a small suitcase in the passenger compartment. That was discontinued sometime. A pity, but no end of the world. A while later, the size of the hand luggage was mandatory. OK, I thought and yesterday packed a suitcase and a backpack for my personal belongings, which I did not want to lose sight of. Yesterday, this backpack was no longer allowed, so I had to carry laptop, mouse, charger, thermos, food box, water bottle, sunglasses, reading glasses, reading, wallet and last but not least cell phone loose in the bus. With these many (not quite worthless) items in my arms, I tried to show the bus driver my cell phone ticket. When I had finally taken a sweaty seat and took a short breath, an employee made me aware of the fixed at each place house rules, after which it is prohibited to place objects on the neighboring seat. So I distributed the things on the shelf, which is attached to the seat of the front man and at my feet, with the result that at every turn one or the other flew through the bus. In fact, I was already extremely annoyed when the sun burned my brain. I just wanted to draw the beautiful thick curtain when I discovered the sign on which this "for security" was prohibited. Unfortunately, I had already booked the return trip and was prepared for the worst. Also this bus was late, so I waited for the already 15 minutes, which one should be there earlier, another 15 minutes with about 100 other people (who of course did not all have the same destination) and in the rain. When the bus finally arrived, I was pleasantly surprised. Nobody refused to take my backpack with me, no one nagged me for placing it in the free seat next to me and there was no sign that said curtains were not allowed to close. I felt like riding Flixbus once before meant "freedom and adventure" and "warm welcome" was not just a slogan. Unfortunately, it is not possible to determine in advance which subcontractor is being caught and whether the feeling of freedom and adventure dominates the journey or the feeling of "prisoner transport".', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'After we left 30 minutes later than planned in Gießen, I pointed out to the driver that the toilet in the bus was clogged. He did not elaborate. When I asked him when we would make the first break, he said in broken German I should be patient. After 6 hours without even a single break to make, the bus then fell off completely, because the clutch was broken. After 1 , 5 hours waiting time without knowing whether a replacement bus would come, then it was from Nuremberg from weiter.Schließlich I arrived 2.5 hours later than originally planned in Munich. Was the first and last time that I went with Flixbus!', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "It's an OBEY! I drove on Thursday, 01.06.2017 with the line 049 at 12: 45h from Berlin Zob to Lübeck. A cleaning of the toilet was NOT done before departure, which meant that the occupants of the bus had a stinging, disgusting fish / waste smell in the nose all the time and nobody could use the toilet. We had to stop for the guests to relieve themselves. A bottomless impudence is that! One is trapped in the maw for 4 hours. Today, on 05.06.2017, on the return trip to Berlin with the line 049, departure 08.05h from Lübeck, I am sitting in THE SAME bus !!!!! The apparently still not / again not cleaned. The pungent odor is again in the nose of the passengers and the bus driver has not previously ensured that a cleaning takes place. At least he can sit by the open window and does not have to suffocate !!!!! The next time I use another driving opportunity!", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'I came yesterday from Kassel to Essen with the Flixbus. In Dortmund, which passengers got out, then I heard that a suitcase has disappeared, I have not thought about it, when we reached food, I wanted to get my suitcase, which was also gone ... So that was no coincidence That was theft. Flixbus has very poor or no control over luggage. You have to go out at each stop to watch your suitcase, so it is not taken away by others ...', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "Terrible experience. My whole suitcase got lost. The driver told us not to bring any luggage in the bus cause he said the bus was full. Turns out FLix doesn't take any responsibility for the lost!!!! NEVER TRAVEL WITH THIS COMPANY!!!!", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Hello, It is not the first time that I am upset about the unbelievably bad service and the incompetence of the employees of FlixBus at the ZOB Berlin, now I have to give my anger some air. It is not the first time that a ride happens It\'s late, which is not that bad ... BUT 15 minutes before the departure such a delay, so that you can not even cancel the trip, Mega Mega Mega is unnecessary ... but that seems to be normal with FlixBus, because it always happens like this !!! You could almost think that\'s pure intention !! If you complain to a MA then come out as great answers as: "then go by car or train." If this company really needs to hire such unprofessional and incompetent people ... it is no wonder that the service and the quality leave much to be desired. By the way, it is rude to be "geduzt" by employees of the company FlixBus, although one chooses even the usual manners of the "you" ... Best regards, an annoyed passenger', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "totally disappointed with FlixbusI had posted on May 28, 2017 a ride from Alsfeld train station to Frankfurt am Main. (Connection L113 direction Saarbrücken at 18:20 departure from Alsfeld.) I received at noon a text message that I should get on the bus A as probably several buses that day would drive the route ..... I was punctual 15 minutes before Departure, so at 18.05 clock at the station Alsfeld and waited and waited ....... until 20.15 clock! Next to me waiting for the same long time also a traveler who was waiting for the same bus ... so that 2 people, independently of each other, overlooked a poison green big coach from Flixbus seems to me very unlikely! The bus did not appear at all and I could not reach anyone on the hotline. It was an imposition. Out of sheer despair, somehow still coming to FRANKFURT, I approached strangers at the Alsfelder station, if someone could take me with them. A foreign lady agreed and requires € 50 for the take-away share of petrol. I arrived in Frankfurt completely unnerved shortly before 23 o'clock. On my complaint at Flixbus I received the cheekiest answer of all time: I would not have noticed the bus (which did not come) and Flixbus offered me a voucher for the paid ticket ..... just ridiculous. Should I stay now on the € 50, - I had to pay in private because the bus did not appear and I would not have come home otherwise? Underground behavior of such a large company like Flixbus.", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'We drove twice with Flix Bus. Direction Passau Vienna: Because of a delay of about 60 minutes we almost missed the flight to Sofia. Direction Wien Passau: The bus left one hour later. Overall, very disappointing. We will never drive with the company again!', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'The drive from Munich ZOB to Zurich HB with the X06 on 29.05.2017 was a pure impertinence. It all started when two Flixbus employees tried to explain to travelers without identity papers why travel was impossible. Both travelers were friendly and quiet. It would have been enough for a worker to clarify the situation. The other could have regulated the entry. All in all we got on the bus with 15 minutes delay. No welcome or safety briefing at the start. Also no apology for the late departure. After 5 minutes drive to the highway entrance in Munich we stopped at an Aral petrol station. There was no information from the driver nor was the vehicle refueled, as far as I can tell. A woman got out and did not return to the bus again. We waited about 20-30 minutes for the onward journey. Again no apology or information. The onward journey proceeded calmly and without congestion. Shortly before the transfer from Germany to Austria, we were stopped by a police patrol who had not asked us to follow. The bus driver had the patrol car several times from behind by means of high beam. There was no request from the patrol officers to recognize that we should have followed them. And again we stood next time. Despite the fact that there was no traffic jam and no traffic congestion, we arrived in Zurich with a delay of 1.5 hours. Also that there was no internet connection, was by the driver (wortkarg) with a word mentioned or excused. Quite different the driver on the way from ZH - Munich, who communicated nice and friendly. Unfortunately, I could not accept this delay because there was a risk of being stuck in Zurich. After missing two possible options to get to my hometown by public transport, there was only one last train home that I luckily reached (3 minutes before departure). First of all, I have enough of Flixbus and will in future switch to other alternatives and use them.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Departure on 23.5.from Berlin-Südkreuz to Leipzig. Bus arrived 15 minutes late at the departure point. Bus driver said "hello" nothing else. The toilet was without any water, so unused. Due to various construction sites, the delay would be even worse (which can certainly happen). There was no information from the bus driver about it. His conclusion at the end of the journey ... finally Leipzig. I had the return trip around because I wanted to leave Leipzig earlier. New departure date was the 28.5.um 14:50 from Leipzig direction Greifswald, via ZOB Berlin. Unfortunately I forgot to change my phone number. But there were nice people at the departure point in Leipzig, who told me at 15:15, that the bus will come in at least 1.5 hours. Since it was very hot that day, and there are barely seats and shade in Leipzig / Goethestraße, I had decided to cancel the ticket and drive with the DB. Unfortunately I could not cancel the ticket. I drove anyway with the DB. All in all, I have to say that the service at Flixbus has been much, much better. But where you have now bought up the competition, that is certainly no longer necessary.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "Awful customer service. I booked a trip and went to the bus stop as in the attached plan, and then I couldn't find it. I called the hotline and waited for long on hold till I missed my connection.I sent a complaint to their email and they replied with a template.Beware of Flix bus, and if you already booked, then double check your bus location before booking.", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'The journey from Mannheim via Nuremberg to Prague went well - very well. On the day of the return journey we arrived with 4 other travelers at the Prague main station. We were there at 12.50 at the departure sign from Flixbus. A FlixBus was ready, then drove to Berlin. We waited and waited. No Flixbus came anymore. At around 13.40 we called the hotline in Berlin. They try to tell us the following lie: "Flixbus was on time at the Bus Gate 3, other travelers had boarded - a total of 6 people not We could not rebook, but could reclaim the fare - on application.6 people who did not know were 30 Minutes before departure directly at the sign "Flixbus" ... and have not seen the bus? You can do nothing -soory and bye I guess - another explanation I have not - that the bus was overbooked and in Prague the people on They all wanted to go to Nuremberg with this bus, but the bus drove via Zurich to Milano, which would be more important for Flixbus.Reservation: NEVER AGAIN FLIXBUS - an outrageous, rude and unhesitating bus company In the background, people could hear people laughing, we travelers did not think it was so funny. Flixbus\' excuse that we did not have the FD has started, has a legal background. Flixbus must write this, the burden of proof lies with the customer. Again: 6 people are at the departure sign - on time! There is no bus. 6 blind people? Meanwhile, I have heard of other concerned that with too few passengers the FAhrt ever fails - unprofitable.! You always have to reckon with Flixbus. As a severely disabled person (80%), I would have more rights. My wife is 50% disabled. But that does not matter with Flixbus. In a Nachbrort you have a woman and a child abscihtlich not taken after a break. Racism was in the game (Haßloch / Pfalz). The victims at Flixbus buy their soul for their work place and lie to the customers. Bad times. Rule of law.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Incomprehensible! Bus failure, bad service and bad handling with the guests. Never again', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Imagine booking a trip to Prague, looking forward to the bus .... and he is overbooked and does not take one. So two of my fellow travelers went to Nuremberg today. After the planned 10 minutes entry / exit break, it only took another 20 minutes until anything happened, then all tickets were checked twice and the rather helpless bus staff found out that the bus was simply overbooked. Another half hour later the bus was still full, the poor couple was still standing in front of the bus and we were sweating inside, because the engine and thus the air conditioning was off. End of the song: - The bus was overbooked 3 places for some reason (Are we here on United Airlines or what?!) - One waits 3 hours for the next FlixBus- The couple had to pay more than 120 € to continue with the DB-bus and should be in retrospect (!) To the Call customer service to get at least the money back for the unlicensed FlixBus ride.- 60 people on the bus arrive over an hour late And all because FlixBus is unable to correctly calculate the number of seats in a bus .Thank you FlixBus', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'An hour before departure was informed that despite booked bike card no bike transport was possible ... that is underground! At the time I was already on the road and could watch how I get on vacation. I would have booked a train ticket. Compensation in the amount of the difference to the price of the railway would have to be examined.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Hello I made a reservation Ghent Clermont-Ferrand with Flixbus on February 25th of the departure the bus arrives with an hour late. Then stops 50 minutes in Lille (which was not on the reservation) the driver decides to stop every time he wants to smoke. Instead of 18:40 we arrive in Paris at 21h and the bus to Clermont-Ferrand is gone since 20:30 panic in the middle of the night in an unknown city. From 17h I begin to call customer service to explain the situation. I am almost insulted and hung up on the nose a half dozen times (you always say for security reasons the conversation can be recorded so you have the proof with you). I turn to my driver that I suplie not to stop and notify the correspondence if it can wait. He tells me he will arrive before 20:30. He refuses to help me and call even at 20:30 I call the customer service who tells me the correspondence does not wait madam. Explain to me why his name is "correspondence" ?. So lost in Paris in a foreign country I remember the customer service and the lady tells me unraveled you take a train (train station by taxi to discover that there is no train to Clermont-Ferrand) customer service reminder. Answer wait 2am then take the bus from Lyon and Lyon you can go to Clermont-Ferrand or made as you see a yes bus. suitcase completely damaged I ended up finding a yes bus for 23 h. The next day I write to Flixbus who told me that they can only refund my original ticket of € 29.90 regardless of the damage suffered. Only 25 February to date I have received no refund despite telephone reminders by mail even via facebook. My question is where do you find your customer service staff to be so incompetent and disrespectful to customers? It almost feels like they hate their work. I had more than one person on the phone and I never had anyone acting as customer service from other sites. Last time it was a gentleman I had not finished explaining that he told me will send an email as if I had not done before hanging on to my nose (I\'m getting used to flixbus ) again. Not satisfied with torturing me mentally psychologically endangered physically by making me wander in the middle of the night in an unknown city or I never planned to go, spend on phone, metro taxi, he continues to disrespect me. phone and want to keep my money. The prices are attractive but as long as you do not risk losing your life through Flixbus\' fault, you do not realize how vicious they are, cruel, without the slightest computation for the client who claims to be "king". I continue to disrespect the phone and watch over my money. On facebook their team is nice, but concretely they offer no solution and do not even seek to find. It\'s more marketing than anything else.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'On the way from Munich to Amsterdam, a group of drunken youths were on the bus. These molested female fellow travelers not only verbally but also "cuddled up physically". When the teenagers wanted to become more violent towards other passengers as they demanded to stop the harassment and stop the loud music - I went to the bus driver. I described the situation in English (Dutch bus driver) the bus driver immediately intervened by calling Flixbus by phone. The bus driver said he would throw you out immediately - but the central office gave him instructions to keep you sitting there - nobody harmed that come. The lady / gentleman who decided this was probably not harassed and eaten by 4-6 drunken aggressive teenagers. Now the young people were only verbal rum around and titled the other passengers as Axxxxlöcher and Co.An sleep was due to the background noise is out of the question - and on a Nachtfahrt.Weitere passengers complained during the night - but because they were noisy and no one personally attacked the complaints. How was the ride - apart from aggressive guests yet: - wireless not on board- no Wi-Fi - no media library- drinks / snacks not on offer- bus was provided without cleaning. Positives: We arrived before the time - about 30 minutes. PS: The bus drivers were really nice - but apparently you can decide absolutely nothing - or only if someone injured or more I write my experience as detailed as Flixbus does not respond to emails.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Trip on May 21, 2017 Barcelona-transfer to Munich Ljubljana. The promised Internet on the territory of Spain does not work. Time of arrival in Munich in ticket 09.00. The actual arrival of 1030. On the legal request of 3 tourists - I and two others in Prague explain why you are late for us drivers answered we will take you on any day until 11.00. Of course, this surprised us and strained us. Flight to lyublyana number of cars Vz628. Very rude staff. There is no water in the toilet. After the bus moved to the toilet came an elderly woman. She sat in the toilet for a long time. Then I went in. I wanted pipi. I\'m a tourist, I was driving from Barcelona for 23 hours, imagine my tired state, I just made a quick pip to someone else\'s kaka and pressed the drain tank. To my great regret, there was no water ... After me came a woman and left. Then came the staff to the salon with a bottle of water and began to ask in an incomprehensible language the woman who came last to the toilet. she said something and the staff came up to me with an eggplant of water. I realized that they are asking me if I made kaka. at this point I had 2 options:) say that before me in the toilet was an elderly woman and point at it as pointing to me or not to offend / not to hurt the feelings of a woman taking "the blame for the action" on myself .... Behavior of staff it is not at all clear why to put the problem on display. The second you took money and lead people on a long journey and it is clear that people will use the toilet. It was necessary to eliminate the problem or pre-empt people that the toilet can not be used. It turns out after pipi or pda it is necessary at the driver to take an eggplant of water ..... In short, I was not very pleased. The company seems to be German but the staff is very bad. Not trained to solve small issues. Before I bought the ticket, I visited the site and I liked it. Especially the price. Practice has shown that this is the only plus. Personally for myself, I have drawn conclusions. I did not want to write this review, I wanted this day to pass quickly and forget all this. But ... If I read a real such a review I would choose another firm so I think this review can carefully choose a carrier. Good luck', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'The bus driver has despite presentation of my valid ticket and ID refused to let me board the paid, paid and confirmed bus. Was to mega unfriendly. He also refused to call the service to clarify the situation. He just drove off.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "B-PB 9998, Saturday morning at 3 o'clock on the A46 very unprofessional and aggressive driving behavior, I was in the 80 zone with 90 on the way, has overtaken me approximately with 100kmh then fully braked on 75kmh, wanted to overtake he has given gas and drove on", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'i was using FLixbus heavily during the last year but unfortunately i had the worst experience i ever had with a bus ! i was supposed to take my bus from Lyon to Geneve on Sunday 14th May to catch my flight in Geneve airport. There was no driver for 90 mn!!!! we have been standing at the bus  stop for one hour and half without any information . we tried to call the number for customer service in France with no result ... always operator and than hanging up!!!! we were obliged to call Germany many times!!! we paid for many calls and finally a driver appeared without any apology (of course it seems it was not his fault) but no information was given, no clarificaiton, no apology !!!!! what happened was comletely unprofessional and unacceptable. FLIX BUS should respect their clients', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "I went to Graz. Everything was fine. Until the return journey .. at the bus stop we learned that our trip was canceled. It was the only one on this day. When asked at the hotline it was said that we were booked for the next day. No offer to stay there or refund offers, which according to the own guidelines would be normal. I just came back by train. I'm still waiting for the refund of the tickets. Would be according to the own guidelines for bus traffic also normal, but not Flix bus. Too bad.", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "Such a snot! Flixbus sets the prices just way too high, since you can no longer go from Groningen to Oldenburg by train and public transport unfortunately only the long-distance bus is offered. The times are seldom kept. Today, the Filxbus should come 35 minutes later and then it's just been gone after 30 minutes - there you stand. I also have no desire to be there for the actual departure time and then what do I know how long to wait to make sure that I somehow get the bus. Then you call the service of Flixbus and then get staff to the line, which is the German language not really mächitg. Great service!", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "Was always a loyal customer. Now I was allowed to experience how FlixBus just rip off your customers. I had to cancel a double booking because the FlixBus app did not react during the payment. Have closed the app and looked at both my emails, as well as in the app if a booking is present. There was nothing. So I booked again and then had in my mailbox suddenly two bookings for the same day and the same time. Of my once paid 31 euro I should now get back for 20 euros. 1 euro cancellation fee per trip. Then a processing fee of 2 euros per trip if I want to have my money back for the voucher. This fee was concealed from the service hotline. Why now I've gotten rid of almost 10 euros for nothing. And the answer can only one aich after a month and a complaint call at the service hotline Top Service .... I lost as a customer, if there is no clarification follows. Rating of 0 stars is not possible", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Never on time !!!! The last time SMS get 20min delay after 40 minutes I called the central and tell me that the bus has already left even though I was there earlier !! What a cheek!!!', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'I would give -1 * but unfortunately can not. 29.04.17r. January 12th in Katowice to Lviv. The coach did not show up although we waited for the cold and the rain from 00:30 to 02:30. We bought a weekend in Lviv and the company flixbus got us empty. I advise Flixbus company !!! We still have a lawsuit against the Court !! No contact with the customer!', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Bottom drawer! The stop outside the city and the bus 2 hours late! Alone as a woman to wait here is of course very nice .. I then called the Kundensevice to inform me and indeed let off some steam ... because I was smooth personally persuaded "das.ich would have no training" and "the Bavarian mentality the last one is "" i am associal "" i should wait until i get black "... etc .... what\'s the problem please.denn.in this company wrong? On customer service only unfriendly and incompetent people! Absolute FREEDOM !!! Can not plan and then insult people ... great cinema !!!!', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'I drove regular Flixbus in the past, the annoyed drivers, not always clean buses did not bother me so much. But the last experience has made me write this review. First, the payment system of Flixbus when booking via Sofortüberweisung a mistake reported, the money was debited from my account, I still got no tickets. I tried again, now everything has worked, the double debit will come back, I thought. After 2 weeks I can say - despite calls and emails nothing came back. The worst was then at the stop - because of the flight delay I was there very shortly before departure, about 2-3 minutes. With relief, I have seen there people who have been waiting for 5-10 minutes. All the more shocked we were all when we were told on the phone that the bus has gone away, "maybe 15 minutes earlier .." it said on the phone. So far I have not received any reaction from the company, i. Money debited twice, never driven once. Whether you want to do something like that?', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "I took a trip from Hamburg to Copenhagen using Flixbus. The whole experience is just disaster. The first trip, from Hamburg to Copenhagen is about 1.5 hours late!!! In such a cold mid-night!!! And of course there was no mention of compensation or anything. The returning trip is the worst, I booked the bus which should directly go to Hamburg, but after I got to the station, I was told the bus I booked was full so I can only get on another one which will pass Lübeck and cost longer time, that was not the worst part of the trip, what happened next was even a little shocking to me how incompetent and disorganized this company is. I accidentally lost my whole luggage on the bus, after I realized that, the bus was already driven away! I immediately tried to call their customer service, by that time the bus was still on the road, about if they can help me contact the bus driver about my luggage, but they just refused to do that and told me I should go online and fill the form. And therefore, I lost my best chance finding my luggage, in there there are all my clothes and cosmetics which are costly! The day after that I nearly spent two whole days in the Hamburg ZOB trying to find some informations, I called the service line so many times, but no one was helpful at all. They refused to tell me about the details of the bus route and bus driver,  they refused to tell me about the bus partner which operates the line , they refused to tell me anything except that they just keep telling me to fill the form for which I have to wait 30 days for a mere response! After 2 days search I am really desperate and hopeless. I don't think I will ever choose this company again and I will share my experience with all my friends, Thank you Flixbus for ruining my holiday! ( And yes, I do filled the form, as your stuff has told me thousand times...)", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'What to expect from Flixbus: On our trip, a replacement bus from Baranzelli was used. The much sought-after comfort of the company Flixbus was unfortunately not available in this replacement bus. The seat pitch was lower, there were no toilets. No Internet. No sockets. The bus driver did not speak German. There was no snack and beverage offer. And all this without any announcement or advance notice. The already big delay due to congestion on the Easter weekend extended by additional Pinkelpausen by more than an hour. During the Pinkelpausen you had to queue for about 30 minutes. The customer service responded to the complaint only with an apology. The demand for compensation was ignored.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'On Sunday I booked a trip to Prague and back and paid for the tickets with an immediate transfer. After the payment process, I should have some patience and wait 5 minutes. But nothing happened and after about 15 minutes I stopped. When I checked my account, however, the money was debited from FlixBus. After 1 day waiting and not receiving a confirmation email I called FlixBus. There I was told that no booking was received and I am not on the guest list of the bus. The lady on the phone also told me that the problem is known and I should just send a screenshot with the charge to the answer mail of the service. There I receive however for 3 days only automatic answers or no answers at all !! I am now quite annoyed, since I am helped anywhere, let alone it seems that either the service is helplessly overwhelmed or just nobody interested in what Maybe you can contact FlixBus?! I already sent you my phone number via e-mail!', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'As others also report here, I made an error message when paying by direct transfer. After entering all the data and making the transfer was on the screen that the page should not be closed and you should be patient and the transfer process can take up to 5 minutes. After waiting 30 minutes, an error message was displayed and the information that no money was deducted. This is not true. The entire amount was transferred. The order in the InternetBanking marked as carried out and reduced the account balance by the entire amount. First I wrote an email -> within a day no reaction. Then I called there. A call to the customer service, which has already begun with the quality of the line being extremely bad, did not succeed. There I was told that no booking under my name, my email address or my phone number can be found and you can not help me. I should once again make the same booking and once again transfer the amount. Of course, I rejected that. Thereupon the information that a remittance represents absolutely no problem and I should contact via email / must be because by phone, no solution is feasible. That is really extremely bad. As a company, Flixbus could immediately issue a credit and I would simply have booked the tickets again and redeemed the credit. Since my last contact two days have passed. No news yet. Not even an email confirmation. Nothing at all. Maybe I am petty, but I expect nowadays that if a payment transaction is faulty and the entire amount has already been transferred, that I am immediately on the phone contact and helpful and offers a customer-friendly solution and I do not have my whole story write once by email, send and then have to wait again, so that I get my money back. For me, this was the first and at the same time the last attempt to travel with this company. After all, there are already many alternatives. In other complaint boxes is also reported by exactly the same error and the same procedure. I expect that my entire transfer amount will be returned without any further delays. Mr. Steiner', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Bus driver was extremely rude. When I told her that, she refused to take me with her. Never again!', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'For three and a half years now I am always on the road with MFB / Flixbus. In the beginning I was very enthusiastic: Modern, comfortable buses, numerous connections, toilet on board, low prices and eventually even the WLAN started to work. Well, that the bus ever drove a detour to invite an additional bus driver, or that he did not want to start at the exit from Hamburg and the driver had to ring his replacement man on mobile phone on vacation, did not seem professional, has but not much changed on the positive impression. Once I had a complete microwave oven in the original packaging. No problem: stowed in the luggage compartment and not even paid anything for it :-) Therefore, I thought, I do not hear right, as the driver said, for my to send packed blender (53 x 32 x 27 cm) I should pay 9 €. Even DHL only charges € 6 for that and has even more work to do. There was a handwritten receipt. Immediately complained to Flixbus and even sent a picture of the corpus delicti. Flixbus thought they could put me off with a standard answer, so check again. Result: Dear sir, [...] Thank you for your message. According to item 17.3.4 of our terms and conditions are furniture, furniture or parts of furniture, electrical appliances, surfboards and cardboard excluded from the carriage in general. Therefore, the bus driver has taken your box out of sheer goodwill, a refund claim does not exist here. Please make sure to pack your luggage in accordance with our AGBB on the next trip. We hope to see you back on board one of our green coaches in the future. With best regards, [...] from FlixBusAus Kulanz 9 € cash? Under humor, I understand something else :-( Also: What is Flixbus, what I carry in my luggage (as long as it is not prohibited, flammable or explosive)? I am always amazed at how many opportunities some companies find to their customers (Also, there was no water on my last two rides on the on-board toilet to wash your hands.) That\'s just disgusting :-( This is not really, I will now whenever possible on BlaBlaCar ride Of course, it can also be that I book a ticket from Zurich to Stuttgart at Flixbus, get out "forget" and only in Hamburg, where I am ;-) Supplement from 28.4.17: Unfortunately, Flixbus has not yet revealed, what sense this meaningless determination should have why I could easily take the much larger microwave, which disadvantage to the company due to the packaging should be, and why it no longer on the toilets to wash your hands more There is only one star on the bottom line of the answer to my rating.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "FLIXBUS IS THE BIGGEST THOUGHT !!!!!! THESE ARE THIRTY OF THE FINE! I HAVE MISSED MY BUS, BECAUSE THIS WAS NOT FURNISHED. WHAT I CAN NOT DO NATURALLY. AFTER I ASKED EMPLOYEES AND ASKED FOR A SOLUTION, I WAS IMMORTIATED AND FORCED TO BUY A NEW TICKET. ALWAYS THERE IS NO INTERNET AND NO POWER ON THE RIDE. THE BUS DRIVER, OF COURSE NO GERMAN, SAID ONLY '' OPERATED IF NOT USING SERVICE ''. ??? AND ONE HOUR DELAY WAS THEREFORE ALSO + ENVIRONMENT. AFTER I CONTACTED THE SERVICE HOTLINE, I SAID THIS, FOR REFUNDS I SHOULD NOTIFY ME WRITTEN THAT DO NOT DO THIS TELEPHONE. DA QUESTION I WOULD LIKE THEN THEN A HOTLINE OFFERING ???? DESWEITEREN I SAID, FOR REFUNDS 15 € CANCELLATION CHARGES ARE raised ?????? WHAT IS THE PLEASE FOR A SERVICE? NEVER AGAIN IN MY LIFE WILL I WITH THOSE DRIVING AND ALL MY FRIENDS AND FAMILY ABOUT IT.", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Bus driver incompetent, rude, disrespectful, can not speak German. You definitely notice the price at the staff.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'My original email to a standard response from Flixbus: Dear Ladies and Gentlemen, Replying with this default email is really a bad joke on your part. In the message I received 45 minutes prior to scheduled departure is clearly and plainly the following : "Due to the delay that has been notified, you can withdraw from your trip at (link not allowed) and have your ticket reimbursed.When you start your journey, you will automatically receive a voucher for a Europe-wide free ride to your registered e-mail address We apologize for the inconvenience. "So I ask you now, why this is not so right now and I am also referred to cancellation fees? If you have not looked at the case yet, and are surprised why I\'m so annoying, here\'s some background: 45 minutes before departure - I\'m already on my way to the bus - I get the above message via SMS from Flixbus. Without mentioning what\'s up with this delay. After some browsing on your side I see then that the bus !!!! 3h !!! Has delay. So I had to write on the way to the bus Flixbus under the link in the message that I do not start the journey and take care of a different transport for the route. And then I get this standard email from you including a reference to cancellation fees? Is this the service of Flixbus ??? I urge you to check the process and never send me a standard email again. I expect the full refund of the fare and no coupon, because with Flixbus I\'m not driving for a while anymore (that was my first booking on Flixbus). Thank you very much in advance.MfG', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'no seat reservation! Service Badly no luggage watch!', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'I hope that was the last time I had to rely on FlixBus. For the second time I am "transferred" by FlixBus. If I book my departure at 4:15 pm, I also want to leave at 4:15 pm and not at 8:15 pm !! If you book a ride on FlixBus, you should definitely book a buffer of at least three hours ... That was my third booking on FlixBus and only one ride was on schedule. I chose FlixBus because the offer was cheaper than the DB and for once I wanted to take my bike with me. Next time I like to pay a bit more and at least I can look forward to a reasonably punctual arrival. The cancellation of the trip is funnily charged a fee and the 0.87 € for the PayPal payment are also a joke for me. Will the ride at FlixBus still have to compete because the information came with the transfer to short notice and leaves me no other choice. Instead of arriving at 8.30pm, I\'ll be arriving at 0.10am if it\'s scheduled to run this time.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'I had booked a bicycle ticket for my trip well in advance. Turing up at the station in Hamburg I found out that the bus to Copenhagen did not have a bicycle hanger. When I asked the bus driver how we should handle the situation now the bus driver got very agressive towards me and told me that this was none of his business. If the flixbus servant at the station would not have stepped in, the bus driver would have left without me and my bike. After a many phone calls and several people stepping in to keep the peace the busdriver finally granted me the permission to put the bike in the packaging area. My bike is a high quality racer bike and I am concerned about the transporting condition of my bike in the baggage room. I have a work meeting this afternoon and could not have taken any other connection. According to the bus driver this was not the first time this has happened. This neverless excuses his agressive attitude towards me and the bad planning of Flixbus.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'NEVER AGAIN! We were left to wait over an hour in the cold. Unsure if the bus is still coming, if we ever come to Dresden, if we still come to our booked hotel, because the bus has let us wait so long. Just outrageous. Please people bay something else, you will just be disappointed. Many people outside in the cold, waiting with us and were desperate. The bus driver was 1.5 hours late, not even a reason, why he was so late. NO MORE', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'We went on the Good Friday with the Flixbus from Frankfurt to Zurich and have made a very bad experience with the company. The bus driver Mr. Locatelli welcomed us with "there are no toilets or food on board. I do not drive a restaurant "even before he scanned our ticket or greeted us. He could also give us no information about the trip and the course of the trip (for me it was the first and last time with this coach company). After we ours Luggage loaded himself on the bus, he stopped my wife from getting on the bus. She had a bag of wrapped bread and a ToGo coffee in her hand. "No food and no drink on the bus" was the only thing he said and pointedly stood in front of the door. After we dropped the coffee we had to squeeze the bag into our backpack, even though we told it we would not eat it. "And even if I only see the food or the bags, I stop and you fly out. Had to clean the bus for two hours yesterday. I will not do that again. "During the journey he did not share any information, which stop will be approached next, nor how long the expected stay will be. With a drive of more than 7 hours without a toilet that is absolutely unacceptable. The advertised on the website services such as: legroom, selling small snacks, toilets, help with loading luggage ... absolutely not zu.Ich can anyone recommend the growing range of bus service providers or savings on the train to use. Like us, nobody wants to start their holiday ...', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Dear FlixBus Team, I write to you in the following concern: My friend has for the 08.04.2017 with the Flixbus a journey from Ravensburg to Munich (departure 07:10) and from Munich to Ravensburg (departure: 18:30 clock) for 3 Persons booked. The trip was pleasant and without complications. The return trip turns out to be a complete opposite. The reason for this is the following: According to the plan, we should arrive at 21:30 in Ravensburg at Escher-Wyss-Straße 9. We never reached this stop. The bus driver left us at 20:45 at Bahnhofsplatz 5. His reason: At the agreed stop too many people have to walk through the underpass to get back to the actual station. Unfortunately, several people (mostly women) sat in the bus because they had to walk exactly through this underpass due to the new location defined by the bus driver, because the car, bike, etc. were parked right there. There was no say. On my suggestion that we would arrive much earlier than planned, and it is quite possible to continue to approach the planned final stop before the time was answered with the sentence. "You\'re welcome to get out if you do not like it!". When I book a trip to a reputable provider, I expect to be dropped off at the agreed location. For that I have paid the travel price. It may well be a great gesture to let people out at another stop that is more convenient / more secure for you - but still the agreed destination should still be addressed afterwards. The passengers were not even asked in this case and we were allowed to walk with all the luggage through the underpass to the scheduled arrival. Based on the time of my mail, you can certainly see that we were let out much earlier than planned at the wrong destination. In itself, an earlier arrival time is no problem. But not, considering the way this was done: 1. The departure station Munich was left at 18:14 when the last registered passenger had checked in. A passenger was even forbidden to go to the toilet after checking in the last person, although the departure time is only 15 minutes later. The statement of the driver "then you have to stay in Munich, if it does not suit you" .2. Despite 30 minutes earlier arrival time in Leutkirch jumped the driver after leaving the last passenger with destination Leutkirch directly into the bus and drove off without asking. Had we not intervened in time, would a passenger who wanted to Ravensburg, there "sit" remained because he wanted to stretch his legs. Again, the bus driver fell only the sentence "we do not make fun event" ein.Ich personally have no problem with short breaks. But they should be arranged with the passenger so that everyone knows when to return to the bus. According to the plan, it could have been a 45 minute break. In this case, proceeding without consideration and examination. In no company so far have I been able to hear such a primitive expression of the driver as on this trip. This may also be due to the non-existent separation between driver and passenger, as is the case for example with the railway. However, this does not excuse the way in which the passengers communicate. 4. Had the driver had real interest in the well-being of his passengers, he would have, as already formulated above, the intermediate stop at the station street and would have then driven to the scheduled arrival. He would still have arrived 40 minutes before scheduled arrival. Due to the above points, I clearly question the professionalism of Flixbus. Sure, this may be an isolated case - but I\'ve never experienced anything like it. I have already reported my displeasure to the customer service (Ivona), who also wanted to leave a message from the relevant departments. I would not have spent the time taken by the driver to formulate this complaint. But a punctual delivery at the agreed place I would have been much dearer.Auch if this mail may cause nothing, I thank you for your understanding. Best regards from Ravensburg! Tobias Braun', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "I've been sitting on Bus 007 in the direction of Zurich for over 40 minutes and your bus driver is already playing with his mobile! Absolute No Go and totally irresponsible! That was probably my first and last ride with Flixbus. Because I prefer to go back or fly. Really does not work!", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'FLIXBUS left me, my old mother and my 9-year-old twins in a dark, closed and cold bus station in Hamburg in the middle of the night without giving notice. The other FLIXBUS drivers could see that there were no changes on this bus route, either delays or anything. But FLIXBUS never appeared - and we had to buy a train ticket home when the train station opened the next morning!', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Very sturdy and unfriendly bus driver. Can not read FlixBus terms and conditions, or understands these simply nicht.Wegen "not pleased" of the passenger as last of all, even if new passengers come to deny the carriage. Not only with me, but also with three (!!) other passengers. Satisfaction is purposefully negligible here. Merry production of the luggage: the customer is allowed to take care of it himself! Only after a coworker came from the InfoCenter of Flixbus the situation could be settled with an additional payment (according to AGB). I did not have such a driver yet. If I would find several drivers like this one with Flixbus, I would also, despite the price / performance rather switch to the competition, even if that means spending more money. So in conclusion, if a FlixBus employee reads this message and does not care about a direct announcement to the bus driver, I\'m also ready to review this review or even remove. Start Munich ZOB Ziel Koblenz Hbf. Nr 028 12:45 05.04.17', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Calculated for the change of the name of a passenger that you own online makes 10 euros plus payment. I will not book this provider.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Zurich-Friedrichshafen, 02.04.2017, departure in Zurich at 16:00. Current supplement on the ride. (Complement to my review today). Am still in the bus.Beim stop in Constance, the BF has suddenly loaded itself the luggage, wow, suddenly. And the site sound is also suddenly gone wow. Now I have asked him on the occasion also a document for an additional payment I made for luggage. He says that. Man, why did you say that in Zurich? Since when do you have to request documents for Bahrzahlung separately? He wants to give me a receipt on the ferry now. My only luggage that I have next to everyone else. In Zurich charged in Zenggsarbeiterverhältnissen, BTW weighs only 15 kg (weighed at Zurich airport). And is at the longest edge 77cm. Had I had two separate suitcases with 15kg each and 67cm each on the longest side + carry-on luggage, I would not have had to pay anything (no documents !!!!!). But that is the company policy and also stated. So I do not want to complain about that, however illogical it may be. Especially considering that you have to load it yourself. My concern is that he just pocketed the money and does not even ask if you need a receipt !!!!', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "The bus arrived at the bus station 50 minutes late. The driver spoke all the time by phone. There wasn't\u200b WiFi and the driving wasn't safe.", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'ABZOCKE !!!!!!!!! On Monday the 27th of March 2017 I and my sister wanted to travel from Frankfurt Airport to Karlsruhe with FlixBus. We asked for the information and bought the tickets at the travel agency stand. For the tickets we paid 18 € + 10 Euro fees. The bus should leave at 16:15. We were already at 15:30 clock at the stop, with us many other passengers. The bus arrives punctually, but the bus driver has strangely only taken three passengers and said what should I do I do not have many seats available and drive anyway in the other direction and has made us in front of the door, one of the passengers hat even made his suitcase on the bus, which he barely got out of it. The bus driver said we should wait for another bus. Then we were still 45 minutes at the bus stop, another three buses have also rejected us and could not understand why the driver from the bus number 17 has not taken us. After a long phone call with the hotline, after a conversation with the travel agency stand you could not reimburse us, as well as give bus ticket for another bus. Travel agency lady said they only sell the tickets and unfortunately can not reimburse. Then call the hotline again, a woman Schengelia said she can not do anything and said we should write an e-mail to the company after a successful review, the cost will be refunded, because she has seen in the system also that other passengers as well have complained. The lady said we should look for another way as we come home today. Now at home several emails with the company, first they wanted to take no cost, then came an e-mail with a voucher amount 14 € instead of 26 € At the bus stop we had also met a lady who had such a similar experience, but from Frankfurt airport to Dusseldorf and said she has never been to FlixBus since then. So people conclusion total rip off !!!!!!!! Take care, well that we wanted to go home and not the other way around to the plane, otherwise it would have been a really good trip.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'First the positive, equipment of the buses, comfort, etc. everything was wonderful. Now the negative, we wanted from Munich to Prague and back with the o.g. Companies. On the away, departure would have been 10:00 clock, we were due to a traffic jam and a delayed suburban train until 9:59 clock at the bus station, the bus was just driving from the court ... Complement of the company in the form of a transfer, failed "not our problem, if the DB is too late" - ok, we just had bad luck, you should be there 15min before vor.Dann went to the return. Lt. App should the bus from prag to nuremberg from stop 3 drive. He then stopped at stop 4. Would not be dramatic if it had not been on the other side of the street. In between, a six-lane street with Mittelleitplanke. The bus driver would have gone ice cold, my girlfriend would not have "the foot clamped in the door". To explain I\'m on foot z.zt. a little impaired and took a few minutes to the underpass and under the road through used ... Conclusion: Facilities, punctuality, customer service, service and reliability an absolute disaster.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Complains about alleged smell of food, but smokes right next to his door and the Bundeswehr smells like that. Generally very rude and conceited person.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'The journey on 23.03 at 08:30 from Dresden Hauptbahnhof to Leipzig Main Station has been changed by Flixbus without any prior notice. The bus stopped in about 10 km distance from the booked destination Leipzig Hauptbahnhof. When asked by the bus driver, whether he would still drive to the main station, he explained that during the book fair all trips made by Flixbus are served exclusively at the exhibition center and the stop at the main station is not approached. Thus, one had to stop at this rural stop fortunately I found myself in the evening (had booked my return from Leipzig Central Station) at the stop Leipzig Messe a Flixbus, the driver told me that the stop Leipzig Hauptbahnhof would be approached regularly and my bus only from this stop abfährt.Dies led Why Flixbus simply changes this ride and the bus stops somewhere else, as well as the bus driver deliberately provided the travelers with wrong information, so that they miss your bus, I do not understand. On 27.03 I received a reply from Flixbus Team. Therefore, it is OK for Flixbus that the passengers are not transported to the agreed destination. The bus drivers seem to be allowed to decide themselves when and where the bus ends. RegardsPhilipp', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'I can hardly call a ride where something went right. If the bus is not late (30 minutes waiting time is seemingly normal, but sometimes it can be several hours - depending on which technical defect is on the list today), then there is a high probability that something else is wrong. The bus broke three times during my trips, so you had to wait several hours for a replacement bus at a service area. Although you get a part of the travel costs, the missed flights and appointments does not make up for it. The air conditioning is often set too cold in the summer, so you caught cold during 90% of the trips (but maybe you\'re lucky and it turns off completely), the toilet was completely closed on two trips, because the toilet was clogged, lost finds drive Often for weeks in the buses across Europe before they are finally sent to the lost property office and are ready to pick up. My phone came back after 3 weeks with a scratched and splintered screen. No explanation except "Flixbus is not liable for damage to found objects". Thank you too. With all these shortcomings is the non-functioning Wi-Fi the least problem. The prices, as cheap as they were a few years ago, are now also shot up, so you pay for a former € 8 expensive ride € 25 itself if you book a week in advance. Flixbus has given me dozens of new opportunities, but I do not invest a dime in this dysfunctional, unreliable company. I\'m tired of spending my time and money on the badly isolated bus windows.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "CPH -HAM, getting charged even though the ticket doesn't specify anything about oversized bags. You could argue the size of the bag is two pieces of medium sized luggage put in a line. Very bad experience! Unaware, poor customer support from the driver and his colleague. Never travelling with them again.", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Bad Customer ServiceI had two horrible experiences with Flixbus.Once they cancelled a bus the night before the departure without offering legit and good alternatives. And they did not even provide a reason for doing so.Now I wanted to book extra sport luggage since I am taking the Bus to Innsbruck for skiing. I booked it only under that condition and on their homepage they sell it like you can always take it with you. You have to book it extra though. Wanted to make it over email, since their hotline is a foreign number for me and expensive. Send them my request with booking number but got referred to the hotline.Called the hotline, 6min long, stupid and non helpful call! First I was told I would not be able to take my extra luggage with me because on that trip they are using a double-decker bus with cannot carry that (why not? and why do you even sell it on the website as if you could book extra luggage on every single bus) and then the lady was not able to help me further in any way nor able to refer me to a person that could maybe help me/knows more/has more responsibility. Instead she referred me back to the service email.... where I had just written a message before and waited for FOUR days for a response, referring me to the hotline...Do not make promises you cannot hold and have better ways of communication!!!!!Note: got a very fast reply this time just saying there is nothing they can do about it.Flixbus was ACTIVELY selling it as something like "go skiing, take your skiers with you and travel by Flixbus"- got that in an marketing email - SORRY but that is hilarious. You cannot use it for marketing purposes if you cannot live up for it!And on the internet they sell it with these words: "The advantages of taking FlixBus to go skiing✔ During winter, FlixBus offers bus services especially for skiers, snowboarders and other snow fans.✔ Frequent departures to the Alps and the Pyrenees from Paris and Lyon.✔ Modern and comfortable buses equipped with Wi-Fi and electrical outlets.✔ With three pieces of luggage included, you will have room for all your ski gear." Ewwww, screw you - there are NO advantages...One customer less FOR SURE!And what is very disturbing, when I am reading older reviews, this is not the first time happening! After it had happened once you should consider your service and policies! Instead of just replying sorry for the inconviencen e but we hope to see you soon again on one of our buses... probably not.Stop just answering in a generic way and actually DO something about your customer service!', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Suitcase on the way back from the Poland true made kaput of the driver and no wants to detain that !!!!!! My opinion is worth I make no more booking to poland and back if what goes wrong you will not get paid. The true suitcase that cost me 120 euros. and the ride is true to Torer. If I had bought in Berlin from the Poland bus company Had 50% cheaper. NE BOOK AT FLIX BUS AGAIN', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'In January I booked 3 tickets from Hamburg to Berlin for my guests. Unfortunately, because of unknown reasons, I could not buy on account, bought for my guests the 3 tickets via Sofortüberweisung. However, the money is deducted from my account and I get despite the charge no ticket. About Flixbus customer service, I tried to solve the problem somehow very friendly. Since I was told that I get back after 10 working days at the latest my money on account, which unfortunately was not the case until today. On the e-mail you write, you get only an automatic response, that due to higher requests, there may be a delay. The customer service said to me, it can take between 2-6 weeks until the e-mail is answered !!!!!!!!!!!! What all this is happening is outrageous and cruel.My question to Flexibus: what would have happened to me if I only bought a ticket on account and did not pay later ????? Very bad, not even earned minus stars', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "I'm from Flensburg. And I'm now in Berlin. I'm daene.bin shocked by the tour. It was massively thumped, puked and it was awfully loud in the bus. The bus driver did not intervene. So I will not go with flix bus anymore. Torsten.", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Hello people, I drove on 23.01.17 from Hamburg to Berlin. Berlin was the last stop for the bus! Unfortunately I forgot my suitcase in the luggage compartment and called 5 minutes after my arrival at Flixbus. It was not possible to find out who the driver is, where the bus drove on. I described the suitcase in detail, my name tag was on the suitcase. Nevertheless, nobody could help me. 2 weeks later I get a message that no lost property offices have received the suitcase. I doubt that there are any lost property offices. Because I have now read through all the experience reports and found that there is no entry in which a suitcase was found. Service at Flixbus is almost zero! Would advise against any of the company!', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'When I made my first reservation, there was a problem with the site. So I called their phone support to verify that the booking had not been saved. The operator did not even check. She told me that if I did not have a reservation number, it did not work. So I retried the reservation. In all I made two reservations and I was charged three times. Since I wrote an e-mail to ask them for the refund. No answer...', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'This is absolutely a joke and unacceptable, which is sold to the customers of Flixbus as a performance. Only 3 examples: Singing (My Hometown) - Munich (230 km) Travel Time Flixbus 6 1/4 h via Stuttgart (Airport 1 1 / 4h stay ) Singen-Berlin (767 km) Travel time Flixbus 12 h direkt.International, Singen-Amsterdam (731 km) Travel time Flixbus 25 1 / 2h (via Berlin) I advise everyone, before deciding on Flixbus, to take a close look at the timetable. In international comparison, really bad and grade 5. I think, I throw my purchased tickets right in the TonNicht Ferenc Ferdinand Emmert', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'My daughter was in Ulm in time at the bus station and the bus just did not come or another did not take her, because allegedly wrong ticket. After the bus drivers hardly a German .... Complaint email - money back "Write us an email" - until today still no answer received - the money I could donate also never again Flix bus', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'I was at home in Austria and wanted to go to Munich and then booked with Flixbus. Departure time would have been 9:30 and because it was constantly mentioned that you should be there 15 minutes earlier I did that and was punctual at 9:15 am at the bus station in Innsbruck like many other people. Then 9:30 - still no bus there, 9:45 - still no bus there and a notification via app came at some point where it said: "040: For operational reasons, the departure from Innsbruck will delay indefinitely. As soon as we have more detailed information about the new departure time, we will inform you immediately .. "bla bla - at 10:00 clock - still nothing and all were already very impatient. At 10:10 then I thought that it probably can not be and then called where a very nice staff helped me and said that apparently an extreme delay and I said then I have to make my flight and that is not and He then assured me that I should take the train and then get both refunded, the Flixbus ticket AND my train ride due to the enormous delay. Have hung up and you hardly believe it but then came to about 10:20 a Flixbus started and all were already full of hope and then we wanted to get on and then the bus driver in all seriousness did not let us board because he was the bus for 10:30 was !!!! Can you take that ?? Already over 1 hour in the cold stood and said ice cold - no I can not let you get in - really unheard of. But that\'s not all - then I\'m just on the way to the train made - 46.40 euro gone - (plus the 20 euro for the Flixbus of course!). I immediately sent the customer service a picture of the ticket as the gentleman told me on the phone how to do it and then came back the following answer: "It is important to us that you feel comfortable on board our buses and on time A delay (at departure) of under 120 minutes is by law in the frame and needs no refund of your additional costs.Your bus has left at 10.28 clock in Innsbruck and thus had only 58 minutes late.However, we will gladly refund you the fare of the unranked Flixbus ride in the amount of 19.50 € in the form of a voucher. "A VALUE CODE - can you believe it - and only 58 minutes late for people who need to create a FLIGHT is probably outrageous and law or not this is just awful customer service that totally contradicts ... I\'ll keep you all up to date as the story goes on .. Stay away if you can make a flight n and you have to rely on the bus. Or just expects 2 hours late from the bus so you have your money safe ... Outrageous.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'No sooner have I arrived at the bus and kept my phone ready (so that the bus driver can scan the code) was his first sentence in one of me as very unfriendly sound perceived "luggage only on the other side". It may be that there is for each driver his own system, which one must follow accordingly as Mitreisende, otherwise they start with the discussion and threaten with the sentence "I do not take you with"! I had a small travel bag and two handbags and my backpack with laptop, food and drink (to be able to work on the laptop during the 4 hour drive and drink) and then I was again pointed out in a very unfriendly tone I may just take a hand luggage with you on the bus. I thought ok then I have the other handbag in the trunk done. In the end, my handbag with valuables and my backpack with laptop and drinks stayed with me. He began to argue with me loudly and insisted that I may only get into the bus with my purse and that he would have taken away punishment from me but it does not make it out of goodwill. It was of course in my face an annoyed gesture to recognize and have out of anger "old!" said. There was even louder and threatened me with "I will not take you now!" which I find absolutely the greatest impudence and in my opinion, not at all! This is far from a customer-oriented service. Afterwards I have learned from other passengers that this bus driver (20.01.2017 departure 8:30 route: Bamberg to Würzburg) is apparently always very rude. Normally, I have always been extremely satisfied with flixbus (apart from delays) and driver behavior, but I am very disappointed with FlixBus\' "customer-focused" service and will not ride the FlixBus in the future!', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'I had won a coupon from Flixbus. Round trip. On the return trip, I was not sure. I booked an appointment (1 1/2 month in advance). 2 days later I decided that I would like to make a short trip, and I booked the return trip. At least I tried. At the end the return trip was canceled and my voucher expired. I could not even make a rebooking with the won voucher - only this is not mentioned anywhere on the page for rebooking and cancellation. So my whole trip is over now. Therefore, get the cat in the bag.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Extreme dissapointment. Had to pay 9 eur for a small carbon box which is treated as a suitcase (and which was rolled in a black foil) due to the fact that a driver estimated this could be a carton box and therefore it is not allowed to be treated as a normal suitcase. Currently fighting with the customer service in order to get the reimbursement.Be careful with a hidden/tricky fees and behavior/competency of drivers!', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'By not communicating a break time adequately (30min instead of 14:30), FlixBus left me on an autobahn en route Munich-Vienna, 200km outside Vienna on 13 Nov 2016. On 6 Dec 3016 my bag was finally assumed to be found (the only communication from FlixBus in nearly 2 months) and almost delivered to me but now missing again. There are enough horror stories online about appalling FlixBus customer service; I will not add anything refreshing. Myself in English and my friend in German keep trying to contact Customer Service hotline, have emailed to fundbuero_zentrale@, service@ and info@ as well as contacted them via FB and Homepage but no response and no result. Where is the bag?!', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "Yesterday I drove with Flixbus from Amsterdam to Bremen. That was not a very nice experience. The driver was very aggressive and shouted at and shouted at the passengers. It started with the fact that he wanted to see the passport of all passengers. But not all of them had a passport. That annoyed him a lot. He said people should complain to Aunt Merkel that she would have let them in after all. I found these statements very hurtful and wanted to talk to him. Unfortunately, he only shouted. Also the customer service could not help me. Of course, I'm already wondering if the company supports such opinions. Have others already had such experiences?", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'On 15.07.2016 I wanted to travel Lübeck-Retteich to Berlin-ZOB. Although I was - as requested - a quarter of an hour earlier at the stop, no Flixbus appeared. At 11.05 I was informed by other people waiting that a white coach of the company Mertens had been used and had just left. My attempts to save the situation by calling the so-called service hotline failed because I hung on hold for about half an hour and - when I finally got through - was thrown out of the line. An employee I - FINALLY - reached, could only give me the information that the bus is already on the way and I must write to Flixbus, if I actually want my money back. On my e-mail (including revocation of the direct debit authorization) I received on 19.07.2016 following form letter by e-mail (and the fare was still debited): Dear FlixBus customer, currently we receive an extraordinary number of requests. We apologize for the late reply. We hope that your concern has been clarified by now. We look forward to welcoming you soon as a guest. Best Regards, Your FlixBus Service Team', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "If objects are lost, the hotline will not be able to contact the bus driver. It lied and denied that the drivers are available by phone. Support from the Federal Police culminates in hanging up the phone, as service employees are overwhelmed or simply do not want to help. Responsible persons are also not to get to the phone. Only consultation with the drivers on the return trip allows a retrieval of the papers! Immediate SMS was possible after just one day on the part of the Dutch bus company. You do not even get a confirmation email that the loss notice has arrived. Sad at today's technology.", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Have waited on 21.12.2016 flixbus from 19:40 to 21:30 in Frankfurt bus to Mannheim line 220 ...... and had come nothing. Then I have to buy another ticket for andre bus ..... find that I really ....', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "I booked a return trip from The Hague to Kolding.For the departure the bus was delayed by 1 hour and 50 minutes and we were forced to wait at the central station till 22:10!  To wait for such a long time is absolutely not acceptable!For the return trip I had to take the bus from Kolding 00:30 at night.  Unfortunately the bus ticket was booked one day too early.   Two customers independently of each other experienced to complete a wrong booking using the Flixbus mobile app.  There was absolutely no customer service from the bus driver and understanding about the incident and he behaved very rude and patronizing to me and another passenger.  The bus driver required personal identification from another lady but due to communication difficulties Flixbus decided to leave her on the station in the cold at 00:30!  The bus driver required payment of 79.50 EUR for a new ticket which is sheer extortion when the pre-booked ticket costs only 33 EUR!!!!   After the purchase the bus driver came to my seat and he had a very direct behavior which made me uncomfortable.   Based on my experience with this company I simply cannot recommend to travel with Flixbus.   Their customer service is cynical and punctuality of their service non-existing.  I cannot stress this enough. Don't travel with this company!!!", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Last Sunday I was at FlixBus\' Berlin ticket office and asked for a ticket to Warsaw. The guy said they had one at 0:20 and that it costed 31€. I bought it, but on the ticket it said "Breslau". I suspected something could be wrong(I\'m not a specialist on Polish geography and this was my first time in the country) and asked the guy if this ticket was to Warsaw. He confirmed it was. I even said "Is it the capital of Poland? Warschau?" and he replied it was. He basically said this was the last stop and that I just had to get out at Warsaw. To my surprise, when I boarded the bus, I was informed that it was a totally different city and that the bus did not go to Warsaw. I basically ended up at 5AM in a city I had never even heard of! I contacted the company via their website but they didn\'t even took the time to reply to me. Be aware that this company is crooked, a bunch of cons. I will *NEVER EVER* travel with those guys again.UPDATE:It seems that the replies posted here are nothing but boilerplates. Despite their answer here, they still didn\'t send me any emails. I just contacted the relevant authorities regarding FlixBus\' deceiving sales practices.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "My friend and I missed our original bus due to a change in the pickup location which wasn't pointed out very well on the ticket. We had shown up at the original pickup location (asked staff around if we were in the right spot) and no bus showed up. Our ticket had two portions as there was a small layover in a town. We decided to take a train to catch up to the next stop to reconnect with our bus. The train set us back 100 EURO! We showed up at the next stop. The bus was 15-20min late and then the bus driver would not let us board. We had a ticket for the first portion and second. However, their check in system would not allow the driver to check us in on his phone even though we could clearly see our names on his phone. We spoke with him and he laughed and did not allow us to board. We needed to get to our final location so had to pay 59 EURO to board a bus we had already paid for. I have spent 3 months now emailing (back in my home country now) Flixbus with only an offer to provide credit towards a new trip. I don't think I want to ever ride with them again. I want the Money back that was wrongfully taken from me as I already had a valid ticket for the journey. On top of that both the customer service agents and bus driver were very rude through the process and they just don't seem to care. The day that was meant to be fun and only cost us 45 Euro turned into a terrible experience and set us back the original cost plus 159 EURO. Could have flown to our destination for that! I'll try another provider next time before I have spend another penny on them. Also WIFI does not work!", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "This was my first and last experience with this company! I was supposed to travel from Zurich to Colmar yesterday at 17h00 with my partner, and we received a message in the afternoon saying that there would be a 45 min delay.So we were waiting at the station at 17h45, and received another notification saying that there would be 1h15min delay. When we reached 18h15, another notification came and said that there would be a 1h50min. delay!We were already totally stressed and waiting in -2°C outside at the station, and the bus just didn't show up. And they didn't even let us know in advance that there would be such a delay! We could have taken the train during that time! We just gave up on the trip and went back home, since I was feeling sick because of the extreme cold and long waiting time outside.And of course, like any irresponsible company, they didn't want to give us our money back. Terrible experience, wouldn't recommend it!", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Short version: Wrong departure time stated and insulted by the worst "customer service" in the world! Long Version: On 30.10 at 19.50 I wanted to start my journey from Munich to Innsbruck. On the scoreboard there was then 10 first, then 45 minutes late, so I went again into the warmth of the bus station. at about 20:15 I came back to the bus platform, where with me then 4 other people waiting for the bus. Since the rest of the travelers could not be seen, we went to a service station to ask when the bus came. We were told that he should drive at about 20.30. So we waited until 20.30 the bus suddenly disappeared from the scoreboard. We went again to the service point down in the Münchner ZOB, where we were told that the bus had just driven (but we stood the whole time on the trail). Then we went up to the service point where, after describing our situation and requesting a refund for our ticket from the most unfriendly (you can have some stress, but I was never really treated), I was called a liar and after we, the but we were not the only ones in this time, even before us people were insulted by the two employees in customer service that evening. As I said, I understand when you can not always be friendly and in stress, but that was humiliating behavior of the worst sort. Of course, my ticket was not refunded, I called the hotline several times and wrote a total of two customer requests that I just standardized This customer service has nothing to do with customer service, then rather pay a few euros more and travel by train! Finally, I can say that a friend of mine sat in the bus which I then contacted and told me luckily he stayed on the climb as the bus arrived much earlier and left shortly before 20:15. There may be delays, but then please do not start again sooner. And I could also forgive this mistake, if not for this very rude customer service.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Unfortunately my voucher, which was still valid at the time, could not be redeemed. No help was offered by the employees of the hotline. In the meantime the vouchers have expired !!!!', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Flexbus Eindhoven - Antwerp November 11, 2016.20 min. After planned departure time text message that bus had 1 hour and 20 min delay. Eventually the bus comes with another 20 minutes extra delay. Unclear story of driver about delay of the bus on previous route. Ultimate connection to TGV in Antwerp missed and planned day program in Paris impossible. Due to late and incorrect indication delay it was no longer possible to search for alternatives. This message was also given on the official Flexbus site, obviously not posted.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "Have used Flixbus 3 times myself, a friend three times. First trip was fine. Second trip, between Brussels and Amsterdam, a bus driver was provided that spoke no English, Dutch, or French. He was rude. The Wi-Fi was broken throughout the entire trip. The bus driver refused to make any attempt to fix it.Third trip, wi-fi also broken.Friend's experience: When my friend used FlixBus, it was an hour late. No notice was given, forcing him to wait the entire hour in the winter cold. Experiencing issues on 3 of 6 trips makes for a 50% failure rate.Attempted to resolve this three times via usual customer support channels. First time, after exact times and dates of trips were provided, customer service representative Markus claimed he was unable to look up the trips. Second time, the same customer service representative waited an entire month before sending a generic response.Unfortunately with the closure of Berlinienbus there are not many alternatives to Flixbus. However, I recommend using the trains (DB or Ceske Drahy), OuiBus, or Regiojet for much better prices and service, and to prevent this awful company from becoming a monopoly.Edit: I think the fact that FlixBus takes about a month to reply to complaints submitted through their own customer service channels, yet replies to TrustPilot reviews instantly, says something about their values (that is not positive).", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'The Flixbus, which drives to Hamburg in the evening, generally always comes at least 30 minutes too late. I could overlook that, but what happened to me last time makes me never drive with Flixbus again. The bus should leave at 12:40 from Hildesheim ZOB, 40 minutes later, there was still no bus in sight. On the Internet, the ride was no longer in it, what we (me and the other 7 passengers) seemed strange. So we called the service and found out that the bus driver had simply left at the old departure point (Hindenburgplatz) and had registered all of us as "checked in". IMPOSSIBLE! A replacement bus was not sent, it could only be reposted to the 6h later trip, which was not possible for me but for scheduling reasons. After 2 hours in the cold wait, so I had to take the train ... The service hotline is a catastrophe, not one who knows German properly and understands what they say ... I\'ll probably never see the money again ... NEVER AGAIN with Flixbus !!!', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Since one already knows that the Flixbus in Friedrichshafen Never and Punctuality was at 15 - 20 min, one should now expect that the bus is not at the meeting point - but to be searched! Are you crazy? The bus was at the other end of town. So none of the passengers drove. We refunded our money back + damage due to missed business meeting + travel costs by train. Not even got a message because of change of Treffpunktes.Mega bad', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Dear Carlos,thank you in advance to your response. I would leave my refrence here again, have no idea when i would stop dong this. But I just wanted to leave here message to other Flixbus clients who have "enjoyed" customer service. I have read so many messages here how people struggle to have their lost items back, but just get the same negavite answer. I already doubt that you have any Lost&Found office general, it seems to be fiction. Probably there are some people who are still in hope to get their things back, or just want to have justice. You are welcome to text me (katya.kuznetsova.376 - facebook id), maybe we would do something together, which would be much more effective.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "Last Wednesday, November 16, 2016, I was with my friends and other passengers waiting at the central station in Prague for the 4.40am bus. We had to go from Prague to Vienna but the bus did not arrive. We were from 4am until 6.45am waiting in the street with the cold without getting any response about why our bus did not arrive. So we went home like the other unknown passengers did. Now Flixbus does not want to return the money, they say it's us who lost the bus. I find it regrettable that they say that when we are not the only ones who claim for the same. Flixbus are Germans but do not honor their nationality, characterized by its seriousness and punctuality. Rather, they are characterized as scammers who do not care about the customer.", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'For almost a month now, I have been trying to get my badge already found by the bus driver and returned to the head office3 emails so far and twice the same form filled out: -mail is answered sporadically or does not always have a new contact person who has much less idea than the one before -The answers consist only of templates that are inserted by copying-the request is sometimes simply ignoredBy bus (delays): - telephone fictitious times (bus arrival) -To be recalled not even if agreedRightly bad for a company like Flixbus. Absolutely disappointing and backward as is handled here with customers.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'I expect the refund of the purchase rice, because the ticket was not sent by mail and I could not start the trip. I should buy another HH meal for cash at 4 pm', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'I forgot my iPad on the bus, which struck me a day later. Then I filled out a loss form and found that it took a full 30 days to process, which is an impossible long period of time. That\'s why I called the service hotline and was treated by a lady who had barely understood me and only very poor German language skills rude and incompetent. When I asked whether it would be possible to ask for help on the ground and possibly stop by in person at a lost property office, I got a very annoyed "impossible" back. For me, this company is neither customer friendly nor helpful and a very, very bad \'alternative\' to other providers. Never again!', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'As several times read in other reviews, the service of the lost property office of Flixbus (the entire company) is more than disappointing / not available. On 23.10.16 planned departure 14.15 clock, actually at 30min. delayed departure with the Flixbus line 350 from Hamburg to Berlin ZOB driven. After the late arrival I found in the suburban train home that I forget my EBOOKREADER (a KOBO with light brown leather cover) probably in the net in front of my seat relatively far forward. I immediately called the customer service, and was impatient on the contact form online, which was supposed to be the only way to search for lost things. I was told, A WHOLE MONTH of processing time - far too much time for the track of the lost object to be lost, the bus driver or new dishonest riders to steal stranger things, etc. INFECTIBLE !!!! 10 minutes ago I got off the bus, and actually good hope that when checking and cleaning the bus so well and clearly my KOBO would have to be found. It is apparently not cleaned after the rides !!!! Not even cleaned up and controlled, and I wonder when and if at all "all bus partners and lost property offices" (from email) were contacted. ONE MONTH LATER (18.11.) I actually get the email that my ebook reader was not submitted / found. He was both not cheap and HIGH IDEAL VALUE for me, and I want him back !!! That can not be true that one leaves oneself time to examine the situation! And even you get impatiently discarded, and then at the end you get the automatically generated email that the item was not findable !!! He MUST have been on the bus and been found, and now I\'d like to know if he could at the other final stop are (not Berlin) or where else, and can be sent to me! WHERE IS MY EBOOKREADER ????? Otherwise, I will take legal action.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Unfriendly customer service as well as no help with lost luggage, in addition to a few drivers from Flixbus are criminals', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "I wanted with Flixbus from the Rhineland to Berlin. Unfortunately, the trip was already finished in Braunschweig, because the bus was broken. That's okay, that can happen. However, we were then informed that we either with the next Flixbussen, which every hour in Braunschweig stop, could drive or in groups of 5 by train. The problem with the following buses was unfortunately that they did not have enough capacity to accommodate all passengers. Therefore one was forced to take the train. Unfortunately, I got on the fast no group of 5 together so I decided to go alone on time to be in Berlin. Of course, I paid for the ticket for the train myself. However, I had expected from Flixbus that due to all the chaos at least the ticket price for the Flixbus will be refunded. Unfortunately, one does not know the word service with Flixbus, if one already has the money then one keeps it also, no matter whether the service was provided or not ... I did not even get an answer to my concern. That was for me the first and last ride with Flixbus, because otherwise the ride was anything but Satisfactory. The monopoly certainly does not make the lack of service any better in the future ...", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "The most horrible situation of my life in this Flix bus this is the most horrible bus service company I have ever travelled..I live in Germany and I study master studiesI had to do an exchange semester in England and I thought that bus journey with Flix bus will be good. ( my biggest mistake )At the border of france and England on the british side we were told to come out and have a passport check. When I finished my passport control and came out of the immigration centre, the bus was gone with all the passengers and with my luggage.HOW CAN HE LEAVE A PASSENGER AT THE BORDER, I called the same time to the bus service and they said that they don't have another bus to take me to London.I said them to atleast handover my luggage to my friend who was waiting at the London Victoria station and they said OK.But the bus did not arrive at the station and the managers at the london bus terminal has confirmed that and it is their in their records.the bus may be dropped the passengers somewhere close to the bus station and not in the ARRIVALS of the bus station.this is so unprofessional. I have a strong belief that the driver now stole my bags.I have written a complaint and been in touch with the customer center for the last 21 days and they say that they are still checking.I am in England without my luggage in a new country and they have little concern for customer and in general no feeling of sufferings of HUMAN BEINGS.They just don't communicate and don't care of the problems done by their company to others. they have no respect.I am not going to keep quiet for this because my luggage was all what I have in my life. I had two large bags and one backpack.I WILL VERY SOON APPROACH TO COURTS IF THEY DONT SOLVE THIS, I WILL EDUCATE PEOPLE, WRITE BLOGS, GIVE ADVERTISEMENTS IN NEWSPAPERS AND DO WHATEVER I CAN DO GET JUSTICE.I NEED JUSTICE, THEY ARE DENYING JUSTICE TO ME. 42 DAYS HAS PASSED AND THERE IS NO SINGLE COMMUNICATION FROM THE COMPANY", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'My Flixbus test report & experience. First of all: IF SERVICE IS IMPORTANT TO YOU, PLEASE MEET FLIXBUS! I have bought a ticket for the route Hamburg> Gdansk. In Berlin should be a change in another bus from Polskibus. The journey began suboptimal. I was late and was able to see my bus starting at 17:00. Quite clearly my fault. Next door was another Hal empty Flixbus, which drove to Berlin a quarter of an hour later. I described the situation to the younger lady from Flixbus who stayed next door and asked if my ticket could be changed to this bus at 17:15. She denied it energetically and referred me to the hotline. My advice, then the bus starts immediately and the hotline does not manage to help me in 15 minutes, she was not interested. I should buy a new ticket. Thought I could do it directly with the driver, but he referred me to the top floor in ZOB. I went there because the time was tight and it turned out that the tickets are only sold below. So I went downstairs again and bought another ticket for Hamburg> Berlin. Of course, twice as expensive and with processing surcharges. Back to bus run the Flixbuss lady ticket shown. The driver was a bit too bad to put my suitcase in the compartment and so I had to do it myself. Was actually only slightly delayed, but still drove off. Unfortunately, I was reluctant to feel and I have reported to the hotline to ask if my second ticket for the connection Berlin> Gdansk will be accepted. The lady at the hotline said no. I did not understand the explanation, but she said that even if I manage to get into this second bus on time, my ticket does not count anymore. The only solution is a new ticket purchase for the route Berlin> Gdansk. Questions about service / goodwill / concessions were abgewimmelt. So bought another ticket. Of course twice as expensive. So I have paid more for the outward journey than originally back and forth. I will abbreviate it here something and do not go into it: - that the hotline names are nice, but very poor German talk (no idea in which country the phone calls are diverted) .- that the bus toilet has dimensions of shoe box and the shoes are swimming in something yellow.- that the drivers seem to be very listless.- that SERVICE is a FOREIGN WORD on Flixbus.- that it was THE LAST TIME that I have the " The rating does not apply to Polskibus. This bus was also half empty. The two drivers have saved my Popo, otherwise I would not have left in Berlin (yes, Flixbus arrived too late and I almost missed the connecting trip). But this is another story.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Were informed neither about the duration of the delay (even after 1 hour not), about whether there will be a replacement bus and we reach our goal accordingly. But a single, too much overburdened bus driver for a double-decker bus, which has to fight with so many people & drive alone the route. Completely irresponsible of Flixbus to put only one driver. Goods forced to rebook to ensure that we still come to Germany. Customer Care replies only after 3 weeks and an additional reminder with an outrageous mail. Because you offer cheap driving you can not afford anything! That was my last trip with this company', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'We received a text message 5 minutes before departure time stating that the bus was delayed for operational reasons. Then we went to drink coffee and come back 20 minutes later. The bus leaves without warning (half an hour early). Scandalous..', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'The Wi-Fi was massively restricted, 1GB and many streaming sites (Netflix, YouTube, etc.) are locked. In addition, a driver who was unfriendly at the entrance, then told about 15 minutes of his life story and has given a battered speed camera. The service in general has subsided and you realize that they now have a virtual monopoly.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "To my experience: Just 3 weeks ago, the bus was two and a half hours late. Since then I request a refund of the ride (is legally legitimate). The result: I receive only automated emails (for almost 3 weeks) and the service staff of the hotline reacted bitchy to me, were rude, did not let me finish, although I have quite normal description of my case and asked for help. I was not rude because of course the call center staff can not help it. Nevertheless: totally unprofessional. Result: I should be patient, the staff will contact me .... COMMENT ON FLIXBUS 'ANSWER UNDER MY REVIEW: 7 days ago I received an answer from a clerk who wrote to me that Flixbus for my meal (9.80 €), but not for the refund of the ride (€ 44.00). A FREEDOM AND LEGISLATIVE ILLEGITIM TOUGH! Now I wait again for 7 days for an answer ... I feel really cheated real ..", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'The price is ok Negative: Bus driver extremely bad on it drauf.Ich was left standing because my suitcase was 10cm zugro.Busfahrer has not pointed out that you can nachzahlen, I first learned from the support. He was also bad the support. If the support is overwhelmed, he does on the phone as if the connection was bad and hang up. On the whole, I can not recommend Flixbus. I prefer to travel by train. In August I try to get my money back. On 15.9.2016 the terms and conditions were changed. Now it is in it there is a processing fee of 15 €. So now you lose more money than the thing is worth. Mario Leonhardt', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'We had booked a Flixbus from Paris to Utrecht, arrival 23:05. Because not all passengers were present, the driver decided to wait. Because of this, we ended up in traffic jam in Paris. Finally we were in Utrecht at 1:10 am, unfortunately we missed our last bus. That\'s why we had to take a taxi. I have filed a complaint with Flixbus, but I only get a standard, cut-and-stuck answer from their customer service: "Delays" are "mostly due to external factors, such as weather conditions, last-minute changes or bus stops or congestion. We can not be responsible for such matters nor do we have to financially compensate that delay, we want to insist on the fact that your feedback is paramount importance to us. " That while this did not have to run that way if the driver had left on time. In any case, a personal reaction was neat as far as I was concerned, and compensation for the extra costs would not have been out of place.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'I took FLIXBUS on 3.9.2016 from FORBACH to Paris Porte d\'Orléansin going up I put down my new black suitcase, we made 2 big breaks during the 30 min road each time I did not move during the road because j I was very tired when I arrived in Paris, I discovered that my suitcase is in bad condition: broken with several spare parts put right next to: broken wrist and footrest, the middle belt is completely torn, crushed back fabric ... ., I was shocked I asked the driver quickly showing her the bag and its spare parts, she told me these few sentences: "I can not do anything for you right now, it is absolutely necessary to write to Flixbus on the other hand I can testify to this incident "I contacted FLIXBUS by mail, here is the answer: We need the reservation number for the trip you mentioned (while the number was sent of course on the complaint) . We also need the bill of the damaged suitcase and photos highlighting the damage in order to study your request. No news behind this complaint, very disappointed with my trip with Flixbus,', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Bad service, drivers with terrible service attitude, do not respond to complaints or claims. NEVER MORE. We made a reservation for 4 and arrived very on time at the station, the bus was delayed and nobody knew anything, while we waited with my mom, a 63 year old lady, we went to the bathroom and to drink water, when returning at 10 min the bus He had arrived and as soon as he saw us we were going to go up he closed the door in our faces and the driver said that we had arrived late, when he was the one who had done it, he insulted us, he threw us off the bus and we had to buy new tickets. train for 50 euros each. I filed the claim two months ago and I have not received an answer. Bad company-.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "Traveling quite often with flixbus. I had to travel to Berlin from Croatiq because I had to be there for the job. When I was buying the ticket I clicked the date for tomorrow instead of today. I asked the drivers to accept the ticket because I had to go. They called their boss, and he said that I have to buy new ticket in cash on the spot, which was way more expensive. I was blackmailed with it in a way! This us the last time I travel with flixbus. I'll tell to everyone I know, who travels, about this!", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'The outward journey was easy. The return trip was a disaster. Our bus, which should pick us up at 10.30 clock in Salzburg, did not come. The next bus left at 12.30 pm to Munich. There we were not registered. The behavior of the bus driver was a joke. He was not interested in helping the passengers who had been waiting since about 10 o\'clock. After about 45 minutes of phone call with the hotline we were lucky and I could still rebook on this bus. Other passengers, who should have also driven at 10.30 clock, had less luck. In Munich, the bus to Zurich at 15:15 was fully occupied, so we had to take the bus at 16.15 clock. Although I had a printout of the transfer, we had to wait for all the other passengers to get in. It had to be "clarified" something else. Lack of friendliness and understanding of the bus staff was no surprise to me. So I had the "pleasure" about 4 hours to sit next to a strange woman, since only single seats were free. At 20.30 clock we arrived in Konstanz. The original appointment would be departure in Munich 13 clock, arrival in Constance 16.35 clock. When booking is indeed asked for a mobile number. Why were we not informed that the bus fails? Why did he fail? Why do I have to take care of a transfer? Zero service from Flixbus!', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'I had to stop my stay in Prague spontaneously due to a medical emergency of my son at home. The outward journey from Vienna to Prague with the Flixbus was still impeccable, because I can not fault it at all. The return trip I had to rebook for the reasons mentioned. So late in the evening I changed the ticket for the next morning 5:10 am via the app. We were at the stop at 4:50. At 5:10 o\'clock the Flixbus on the middle lane with approximately 50 km / h without stopping simply drove past the station. Call with the service hotline: After 10 minutes somebody takes off and tells me that this was not the bus to Vienna. This would unfortunately be delayed and would arrive in 3 minutes at the stop. We are so relieved waiting for the next bus. After 3 minutes actually enters a Flixbus, which also stops. We get in and show our ticket, whereupon the bus driver informs us that he is not traveling to Vienna, but to Stuttgart.Zweiter call to the service hotline: After 12 minutes takes off another employee. This informs me that the bus to Vienna is on schedule. The original assumption has therefore been confirmed, the bus passing us would have been our bus to Vienna. My assumption: Because we did not transfer until the evening before, the bus driver did not look at the current passenger list anymore and obviously assumed that there would be no boarding at this station (we were the only passengers at the station) and easy The reimbursement request (the refund was promised to me on the phone) was not responded until I forwarded an email to the service email address. It was an automated mail, after which my application is now being processed (why this does not automatically go out after receipt of the refund request is beyond me). After that radio silence. So I ask again by e-mail. After almost 3 weeks I get the succinct answer that the bus stopped on schedule. But at least I get a voucher for the unrisen Reise.I summarize: (i) the bus to Vienna does not take us; (ii) the first service employee says, the bus was only late and would like to put me on the bus to Stuttgart (iii) the second service agent says "of course" I get the fare reimbursed; (iv) it needs a request via the homepage and two separate emails to break the radio silence and after 3 weeks get the answer that the Bus was stopped there and therefore the fare is not refunded. I then complained again, whereupon I was informed that (i) the bus lt GPS at the specified time has held there and even someone has entered and (ii) my application with a duration of almost 3 weeks anyway was answered extremely fast, because the standard processing time is 4 (!) Weeks. What should I say, a classic case of statement against statement. I can only take note of that. I have documented with photos (this also sent to Flixbus), where exactly we have been waiting (there even the Flixbusfahrplan was appropriate, on which also our bus connection was listed). If they say, GPS was the bus at the designated stop and somebody got in, then I was actually too stupid and waited in the wrong place, or the bus stopped somewhere else (although it\'s amazing, that afterwards the bus to Stuttgart stopped right there, the timetable hangs there and the driver told me on the way there, that the bus leaves for the return trip there (I asked him when getting out) .I leave it here and will be easy I would still like to tell you another "delicacy" (= Gustostückerl) In the second answer from the customer service, they have made me aware that I should also pay attention, for the ride only paid 5 euros anyway because I have redeemed a voucher of EUR 30 for the ride, what exactly do you mean to say that I have the 35 euros voucher granted me for another trip I must be glad, because I would have received only 5 euros for a reimbursement, if 30 euros of the journey with a voucher were paid? Well, I would say, I have previously bought the voucher (if you rebook, you have to cancel and get for the canceled trip a voucher which you can then redeem when booking the new trip). So, if the business work as in customer service, then this company manages much faster than expected. In this sense, "save nerves, train ride". Many success still the company and good luck to future passengers!', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "Update (January 2017): Even after a further 6 months still no solution through Flixbus. Emails are simply ignored. The customer service is miserable. When I drove to Berlin about two months ago, I drove for the first time in a long time with Flixbus again. The prices are indeed in comparison to a flight or train driving already very tempting. At first I was very positive, everything seemed very efficient, although we were a little late, but I thought to the cost savings, you can take that into account. I already told some of my friends how great Flixbus is. But then came on the return journey to Konstanz the angry awakening. When I arrived in Konstanz my luggage had disappeared from the storage room. Value well over 500 EUR. The following points suggest in my view that the loss of luggage was ultimately caused by Flixbus personnel: 1. In a telephone call with the Flixbus customer service I was told that normally the baggage is sorted by the driver sorted by departure depending on the destination, so that there is no misunderstandings when clearing out. This was not the case in Berlin. There the driver did not give any luggage, this was done by every passenger.2. The driver of the section from Munich to Konstanz has informed me that the luggage space was empty when he took over the bus in Munich and he obviously (for a reason I did not see) was emptied by Flixbus staff, with my backpack not cleared back has been. The driver also informed me that for longer stays it is recommended to take the luggage out of the bus and then give it back. This was also not communicated to me before. Now it is not over. A mistake can always happen, especially since the drivers have a noticeably high pressure. The real sad thing about the story was the subsequent contact with the customer service. First, I had to wait almost two weeks until I was informed by the lost property office that my luggage has not appeared in Munich. Why this lasts two weeks is beyond me. No further comments, nothing. Upon further inquiries, I was finally asked to inform me about another request via the contact form on the website for damages. There I described the exact situation, attached a list of the lost luggage items with value and then simply also on several queries NOTHING more of Flixbus heard. That's over 6 weeks ago. Even on telephone inquiries is simply abgewimmelt with the excuse that there is no contact person with whom could be connected, I could only submit my requests via the contact form. That brings me a lot if these disappear in Nirvana. The really sad thing about the story is that Flixbus is a company that would have had a lot of potential in my eyes, but sooner or later it will fail. It did not understand that in today's world, a company will not have a long-term existence that treats or ignores its customers. Low prices ok, we all want them, but then better 10% on it and make sure that a minimum amount of customer service is maintained. So Flixbus will sooner or later be able to hold only those customers who are absolutely dependent on the low prices. Customers who have the choice, like me, will fall back on other options and dodge competitors (which will sooner or later certainly give it back because they are invited to such a service deficit in the market!) With me Flixbus has now lost a fan or almost a brand ambassador. I had already raved about Flixbus as I said and recommended it to my friends and yoga course participants. After this experience I have to strongly advise against Flixbus, at least for longer distances with intermediate stops. At least until such problems are solved more professionally. I probably continue to drive on short distances where I can travel without luggage.", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'The bus came 30 minutes late. There was no working water valve. The service personal was upset. In my opinion driving by train is more comfortable, more punctual and much safer.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "During our return from Paris we our flixbus encountered a 3 hour delay. After contacting our bus driver 2 hours before our original arrival time (to make sure we could reach our connection from flixbus in Antwerp), we were assured that all measures were taken to guarantee our transport to Groningen.However, on arrival there was nothing to assure this and our busdriver left us behind. After not being able to reach Flixbus for two times 15 minutes, we were told by a busdriver (Flixbus) to have some food and try again later. Later also did not help and we were left on our own for 1,5 hours after which we had to arrange our own stuff to try to reach our destination.Furthermore, we tried to cooperate with 5 flixbus drivers. All of them told us to 'f... off'. And one driver who didn't know I spoke Dutch, insulted my girlfriend and issued discriminating slurs based on her ethnicity and religion.After having extensive email contact (around 15 emails), 5 phone calls and 3 times the exact same assurance that our payment would be taken care of (earliest about 2 months ago), we still have not received any compensation.Furthermore, Flixbus only takes into account compensation for extra travel costs. We have not received an apology for all other costs incurred and we have not been provided with a clear answer to our questions to this date.", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': '40 minutes on hold with a German number is just as pricey as booking a ticket at this company. I canceled the ticket, there was nowhere on the website how I could get my money back just how I could rebook my trip but I did not want that. I booked a trip without a ticket and got a ticket for a trip with THREE transfers and a hefty waiting time. So it is only logical that I canceled it, but Flixbus continues to insist that I have NOT canceled it and offer a voucher for the trip .. I do not want to travel with flixbus anymore so I do not have that voucher. Case open from paypal. I can not do anything about their untransparent communication, I only get them when I tell you via Facebook (!) That I have opened a Paypal case. Not recommended!', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Have had very bad experience with Flixbus .. My first trip was from Copenhagen to Berlin .. Some of us got a text on the toilet did not work 15 minutes before departure, others never got a sms. and they would not stop before the ferry. Okay we can live with. Menda I had to book my ticket from Copenhagen to Amsterdam, it all started with the purchase of the ticket, the App accepted not my voucher even though I had done as I should. the staff was so rude, spoke ONLY German, and had a very aggressive behavior ..\xa0When I was in Amsterdam, I had to cancel my trip home, I strap as described on their home page from my flixbus App. but did not receive any Email around either canceled or voucher .. I called them the next day and ask why I had not received anything. The lady I spoke with was continuing to claim that I had not strap it in time .. eventually she tells me that the cancellation had not gone through and, therefore, I have lost my voucher (60 €) so I had to pay a return ticket .I buy a new ticket and get on the bus which is very cold but otherwise fine. I must then have a stop in Hamburg of 4 hours. when I get on the bus from hamburg to Copenhagen I come into a TOTAL crammed bus with a toilet which is not found soap, toilet paper, paper towels, damp and dirty.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "We were reused on the bus because we had bought a painting in Malmö and the driver told us we couldn't have it with us. The painting is 50 x 50 cm.We had to buy an expensive train ticket.And lost the money for the bus we had already paid.I will never travel with Flixbus again.", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Last week I took Flixbus from Amsterdam to Leverkusen. Unfortunately, the behavior of the driver in no way corresponded to the quality of service advertised by Flixbus.1) When boarding I should stow my luggage (a small backpack) according to the driver under all circumstances in the luggage compartment. Even when I pointed out that I was allowed to take the backpack on the way with ease on the bus and he contains many personal valuables, I was merely insulted, "probably not read properly", it would eventually be all in the guidelines , Quite apart from the fact that the open luggage space is not monitored by anyone (which Flixbus does not care, they are not liable for lost luggage), I thought it was a bit strange, as both the passengers in front, as well as behind me with their backpacks were allowed and these were sometimes much larger than mine. 2) As I got out of the car, I realized that a passenger sitting in front of me had left something behind. It was a very valuable headphone. When I wanted to give the piece to the driver, this was only to understand that he did not care what happened to it and I should just keep the headphones for myself. Overall, I can recommend these events and similar testimonials of other passengers to anyone with Flixbus, Mein-Fernbus etc. (now almost everything belongs to them). I always thought train driving was frustrating, but Flixbus sets there again a drauf.Zur answer from Flixbus here below the following: I had already written to you and described the above points in detail. I also asked you to locate the owner of the headset. But there was only a "standard answer", which suggests that my mail was not even read. Literally the answer looked like this: Dear Flixbus customer, thank you very much for your message. On our homepage, we have collected the most frequently asked questions from our customers. You can read this easily under the following link www.flix .... Here you will find all inquiries and the corresponding answers from "before the ride" and "after the ride" to questions "at & on the bus". We look forward to welcoming you soon aboard one of our green buses and wish you a pleasant trip at all times. Best regards Hans Singer', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'I ordered a ticket from Berlin to Amsterdam. Even though the money was transferred from my bank account, I never received an e-mail with a booking confirmation or a ticket. (While I am receiving their evaluation mail and advertisements...) When I was calling them I had to stand in the que for more than 40 minutes, while the voice on the phone only said there would be a que for 11 minutes. As I needed the ticket very quickly I just gave up and went with the train. I send an email but they do not reply at all. I did receive my money back, but no apology or whatsoever.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "I left my cell phone in the bus and immediately filled out the form. This was followed by unsuccessful calls and FB messages, where I was only advised that I have to wait for the answer of the lost property and nowhere to go or call himself, because, well ... just because. I complained once again on her Facebook page, let's see if that will help. After I have read through the experience reports, I do not really reckon with it again wiederbekekommen.- 1h late bus- no wireless bus driver in the rain conversation on the phone while driving-eternal waiting on the phone, combined with frustrating and unhelpful calls - absolutely catastrophic customer serviceI can only recommend to anyone to think twice about choosing this company and if so, to pay attention to his belongings!", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "When buying a ticket in the office, over 2 weeks before departure, I was informed that I had booked a bus not 30 minutes after arriving, only 2.5 h - since the plane is often late. I also informed the employee that if there were vacant seats on the bus, the driver would take at no additional cost for an earlier or later transfer. The plane flew 30 minutes before the scheduled time. The bus driver refused to transport, explaining that this is not in accordance with the regulations. I called the 24h helpline, where the employee confirmed the driver's words. She was not able to answer my basic questions about the complaint. I was informed about the possibility of buying a new ticket. Waiting for 2h on my transfer, the website is written about the possibility of free change of reservation (driver and employee of BOK about this fact do not know?). While reading the Polish website, the rules are in English. What can be uncomfortable, it should be difficult. I'm disgusted and would not recommend. Wojciech Kaczmarek", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "We had to wait about 90 minutes longer on our connection bus than planned. No short message from flixbus, how long that will take, no apology nothing. When we called then it was, it was busy on the streets (at 4 o'clock at night ??) Other travelers had experienced the same. You were told that the bus drove off about 90 minutes later and therefore arrives so much later with us. In itself, delays are to be expected. But how Flixbus deals with these is a joke.1 Star. Would not ride.", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'only after the booking learn that stop is not approached - reach the replacement stop: 1h effort + train ticket buy -> the price is already doubledBusfahrer forgot to go to the replacement stop. Had to take then the train -> there spontaneously insg. Almost 5 times price and about 4 times as long on the way! On complaint over 1.5 months still no qualified answer receive, no refund let alone compensation. multiple (also by phone) Asked, nothing! So no service stop not approached 5fache Kosten4facher time required no refund or compensation worse is not', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'It was an urgent booking for a friend who flew from England to Germany on short notice. After booking she did not receive any confirmation by e-mail and therefore could not drive. I wrote to Flixbus for a refund and got 4 times the same standard answer from certain Hans Singer that a lot of information is available on the site. On the phone I am told that they are just a call center and do not care about the payments.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'The bus did not arrive at all, the helpline can not be called, the inquiry sent by their page (form) is not available (you have to choose the option and there is no option to choose). On the way back I got a meila that the bus (I had two tickets to and from lvowa) will be lost only 23 hours, after the resignation was not refunded money and only got a specter that I can use for non-flixbusy. I strongly advise against buying a few dollars and getting to the destination rather than losing time and money. Also money was collected for 2 rides for one nothing I got for another specter bon.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "1. Bus drives were VERY unfriendly. They couldn't speak english! And only a bit german. 2. The bus delayed 1.5 hours!! We did not get the promised message from the flixbus service. And with no apologies from the busdriver. 3. Very smelly, the airconditioning is very bad. Strong smell of sleeping people which really bothered me. 4. No wifi.", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'We are now on the flixbus from Milano to Dortmund N11, and our experience is really bad.1) It is hot, and the weather conditioning is too weak.2) The toilet smells bad.3) The driver is unfriendly, and does announcements only in German. 4) The bus is dirty - rubbish on the floor, for example a used tampax.5) People with tickets from Zurich are sitting on the floor, because there is no free place.6) Nobody helps passangers with the luggage. People who left the bus were just throwing all the bags outside by themselves. How can we be sure that our bag has not been accidentally left in Zurich?7) to say nothing about a delay.Although my previous experience was better, it is the last time I am even thinking about using the flixbus.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Toilet was defective (flushing did not work, light failed, door could not be closed and locked) NO snack and beverage offer available unfriendly, tacit driver Unaccompanied arrival at destination (no hint from driver, rider unsophisticated)', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'The guest / customer is probably not king. Already at the beginning of our trip, we were very unfriendly received by the extremely stressed bus driver. In addition, with a quarter of an hour late. This is not tragic, but if one is then received so unfriendly for waiting, then that is already a joke in my eyes. I would definitely not recommend it!', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "They did not only make me wait 2h because the bus was delayed, but they cancelled then and told me there was no more space in the next bus. I had to buy a new ticket with another company and wait in the bus station for more than 8h. As a result I lost a flight. More than 100€ spent and they still haven't reply my emails or anwered the phone to even refund the price of their ticket. I have travelled with many bus companies and this is by far the WORST. Wouldnt recommend it to my worst enemy.", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Unfriendly customer service, my reservation was placed at a later date than booked, but no possibility to cancel. Never again and I advise against all those who need to travel in a timely manner by bus - if you get transferred to a later date, the money is gone !', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'I got my ticket cancelled and I didnt received an answer to any of my emails yet. I didnt got the money back by now!', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'On the way from Stuttgart to Amsterdam, the bus stopped in Rheinbach, at Peppenhoven Oost to be precise. It was said to stop 10 minutes. Because the toilet in the bus was really dirty and not fresh, I got off to go to the toilet. I came from the toilet, the bus had already left! I was not in the toilet for 10 minutes! I was not the only one. There was also another gentleman who was also left behind. So there I stood, only with my passport and a few euro coins in the bag. We had called Flixbus Hotline through the restaurant telephone. What a drama that was! More than 45 minutes on the line, from one operator to another, ping-pongd. In the end, we were not wiser or helped TOTALLY. Without money I had no choice but to return to the Netherlands. Terrible experience with Flixbus !!!', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'On 07.07. Towards evening I received a text message that my booked bus from Frankfurt to Leverkusen on 08.07. at 3:55 a massive delay of about 2 hours and 30 minutes would have. "Due to the reported delay, you can cancel your trip by e-mail (service @ flixbus.de) and have the ticket costs reimbursed." - So as it was described in the SMS, I wrote an e-mail to the e-mail address mentioned, in order to withdraw from the ride and to be refunded the paid money. After 11 days, on 18.07., I finally got an answer .... unfortunately a ready-made standard answer, which told me that I should easily carry out a cancellation on the Flixbus website and a cancellation or rebooking by E Unfortunately, mail was not possible (although this was explicitly stated in the SMS I received!). On the website, however, this was due to the fact that my drive was in the past (due to the very slow support 11 days) also not possible to cancel this trip. On my repeated response and the renewed request for a refund I got until now no answer. All in all, so far a very bad experience thanks to catastrophic support and poor organization on Flixbus (conflicting instructions). Pity!', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'The lost and found team does not work, it\'s just for an automatic message "We do not find your bag, we are sorry but fu** you"They are inaccessible for a chat. Other employees are in charge to say anything, but nothing about seeking lost luggage.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "I bought tickets from Bremen to Hamburg online. Waited more than hour for the bus, but it didn't arrive. Then wrote to the customer support both via facebook and email. I asked them to change my ticket to other day, because I didn't use this ticket due to bus didn't arrive. But the biggest disappointment was that none answer my question, I got ignore from them. Really annoying.", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "I travelled twice with Flixbus, the first time it wasn't exactly as scheduled (it left 10 minutes late and arrived 45 minutes early, so I had to wait long at the station for my host to pick me up).On my second travel there was a very rude ticket person on board who was also rude to other passengers on board and yelled at some passengers while checking the IDs. AND HE ALSO REFUSED TO GIVE ME HIS NAME!It was also somewhat annoying that the bus stopped 1:40 hour on the way (the whole travel time was 5 hour and 25 minutes) eventhough they said the stop would only be 1 hour.Wifi package was very small too, it was finished after 2 hours (I only listened to music on spotify). so I didn't have any internet connection the rest of my travel.I also wrote a complaint to them but haven't received any answer yet.P.S.1. I haven't recieved an answer yet after 2 months!P.S.2. The best answer I've got so far is being banned from their facebook page because I was insisting to get an answer after 2 months! I have literally never seen such an humiliating and insulting customer service! No wonder their employees are so rude.Dear flixbus your employees DO reflect the attitude you have toward your customers, you are the reason they are so disrespectful. If you had spent half of the time you spend on deleting negative comments for actually answering to customers you wouldn't be that busy and your customers would be happy!", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "My suitcase was not too big or too heavy, but the luggage hold of the bus was reasonably full. The bus driver who was severely annoyed said that he could not take me and my 'too big' suitcase, strangely enough when I paid it suddenly fit! I had no cash in my pocket and there was no cash machine in the neighborhood, but the driver absolutely did not talk. Eventually I burst into tears because of the plight. Then a stranger was so nice to shoot me the money, which offer I embarrassed enough to accept. All this while the bus driver kept looking at me dirty, yelled and the flixbus scan employee stood there like a salt bag and shrugged his shoulders. Have never been treated so rudely. Experience was not much better; the bus left after 1.5 hours delay by giving SMS twenty minutes earlier !! so I missed him after 1 hour of waiting.", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Loyal and satisfied customer since the creation of Flixbus! Unfortunately, very disappointed since my last trip. I had 10 minutes delay and missed the bus. When I tried to change the ticket for a new one at the train station in Munich, I was told I had to buy a new ticket. I was told I could call the customer service and would certainly get the ticket refunded, for a fee of 1-2 euros. Unfortunately that was not the case and I was told it was not possible. I should have called before, even if I did not have the opportunity. Funny way, this was still possible last year ....', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'To be insulted by a bus driver, you only experience that at Flixbus. Many say the service on Flixbus leaves something to be desired. No wonder, I always thought - at the dumping prices you can not really expect much. But what I experienced from Vienna to Munich on Monday, on the way to or before the start of the journey at 17:15, still leaves me speechless. It all began with waiting customers who behaved well enough to show their ticket to the bus driver. An obviously bad-tempered bus driver replies my "hello" only with an ice-cold "ID". That\'s what I call a good start to a common 6-hour trip: giving the customer a feeling, as if he has just committed a crime. Well, thank God, it goes even further. Delivered suitcases with colleagues, I ask them if I should take the Zara shopping bag with 2 jackets on board or he stows them in the luggage compartment. "Just take it with you" answers this friendly. Said done, I climb the bus and hear after felt 3 steps a "Hey Sir". Amazed, I turn around and see an angry bus driver who really yells at me "What\'s that? That belongs downstairs ". Meant was my shopping bag with 2 jackets. On my answer that the colleague said I should take this on board, follows the next blow. "Then stash them in the jacket pocket and woe dangle a sleeve or something." Perplex as a 34-year-old marketing manager to be treated like a "stupid" schoolboy, it\'s enough for me now and I answer the bus driver "Certainly not in this tone". Not a good idea, I noticed at the same moment. Because this is followed by a "That\'s enough!" And the bus driver rips the shopping bag out of my hand and hands it over to my colleague. In order not to escalate the situation further, I decide to let it pass through my mind - but ask for the name of the bus driver to officially complain about him. "You certainly will not get it. Just write Flixbus from Vienna to Munich at 17:15 "replies this cynically. Well, enough, I think, to find the "blackest of all sheep among the bus drivers". As I open my MacBook to begin my complaint, I hear the bus driver cursing in the background. "We already know that. Big mouthpiece and nothing behind it "or" At Flixbus, the driver still decides who can ride and who can not. "Are a few of the niceties that fall. Stunned by the incidents, I wonder where I just landed. And then I remember: Welcome to Flixbus.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'I decided to try Flixbus for a chance with the nightbus between Copenhagen to Rotterdam, but will never travel with them again. First off, the bus (Together with 2 other Flixbusses with different destinations) was delayed by 45 minutes. Because we still had to get onto the bus aswell, we ended up leaving far too late.The promised internet was availible on the bus, but wasn\'t working. After politely asking the bus driver if he could help getting it to work he replied whilst smiling, and I quote: "Flixbus probably doesn\'t have the money to pay for the internet connetction to work on this bus, so I won\'t be able to help you with that". During the drive, the temperature in the bus rose to 26 degrees celcius. After repeatedly asking to turn the temperature down(by multiple passengers), finally they agreed to change the temperature down, only to let it rise back up to 25 degrees again about an hour later.Following to that, we stopped twice unnecessarily. We stopped, the busdriver got out, walked to a private car, and started unloading food, drinks and other personal stuff from the car into the bus, only to unload all the stuff again into another personal car, after we had crossed the Dutch border for the second unnecessary stop. This delayed the trip by yet another 30 minutes whilst passengers were waiting in the bus. As far as I am concerned Flixbus is in passenger transportation, and NOT a glorified goods transportation company, but I might be wrong...After 2 extra unnecessary stops and a total of an hour delay, the busdriver thought it to be nessasary to stop an aditional time just 1 hour outside of Amsterdam, because, and I quote again "He felt like drinking a coffee". After several passengers complained about the delay, he told us to "just call the costumor service if we didn\'t like it".In summary the service provided by Flixbus was appaling. The bus arrived 45 minutes late, the promised services (such as wifi) wern\'t working, we stopped unnecessarily 4 times(on top of the compulsary driver changeovers) and arrived over an hour and a half late. I will skip Flixbus from now on and stick to companies that actually deliver such as EuroLines.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'On 23.4. I booked online a Flixbus flight from Zurich to Strasbourg on 8.5. at 17:00. On 28.4. I received a SMS from Flixbus that this service is canceled and I would like to tell the hotline if I want to cancel or rebook. After at least 10 minutes on hold (at my expense !!!!) I have hung up and sent a mail to Flixbus that I cancel, because no connection is offered, which would have promised me in time. Today Flixbus has not responded, let alone because I credited the fare on my credit card. Never again!!! I prefer to travel by train!', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "We took the flixbus from Amsterdam sloterdijk to Brussels. The bus should depart at 9:30. But the bus did not came. We asked several other drivers if there was any information concerning our bus. Although they were all friendly nobody knew where our bus was. We called the (German) hotline and had to wait more then 15 min before we could speak to someone. Then they told us that there was no delay. The bus was 50 min late by then. Other passengers also called and got similar answers. Finally we received a text that the bus had a delay of 1 hour 15. It took the bus an other 15 min to departure.  All this time we had to wait in the cold wind and rain. I wouldn't recommend the flixbus!", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'My father wanted to travel from Hameln to Berlin. The departure should start in the morning at 06:40 clock. We have 1h and 40 minutes in the cold and waited in vain for the bus !! In the meantime, every passenger has tried to reach the hotline. IMPOSSIBLE !!! Waiting time of over half an hour !! None of us received information that the bus failed or something! Although this should happen at the latest after half an hour! An impudence to leave the people there in the cold. My dad is retired and not so fit anymore! The group then decided to drive to Hanover and visit the flixbus switch .. Also, there was no information as to why the bus failed, where all the buses were overbooked, so my father was practically on the road all day! Miserablel company and lousy behavior! Never again will I drive with it or recommend this company to anyone ...', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'The lady could / wanted after 12 minutes in the phone queue (with appropriate mobile bill, I have to pay) no information, which is why the bus from Zurich to the airport Basel (we are a group with 26 people) fails. She reacted harshly when I refused the proposed bus at 7:00 am (4 hours earlier) because otherwise we would have to leave at 5:00 am at home. She then accused me of being very rude and she would stop the phone call immediately. What is the customer here? A necessary evil?', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'I had to order 20 tickets for a tour group from Japan. I did that online and paid all together. Already later I remembered that two of them at a very different price (by the way, just 10 € more), which was not displayed, was charged. Then I called the next day "service", where a staff in very bad German tried to explain to me what it should be and suggested to write an e-mail. Right on the evening I wrote an e-mail and described the situation by heart. after "just" three weeks waiting time get this feedback: many thanks for your email. The reason for the price difference is our system of availability of seats. After you had already booked a larger number, there were fewer places available, so that the price has increased. I therefore recommend to divide the total price by the number of travelers. With kind regards I think it\'s the last one !!!', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Flixbus has replaced the well-functioning small private bus services that take passengers from Tegel Airport to Szczecin. The company and its infoline do not understand the difference between an airport transfer and a regular stop. Passenger aircraft accepted and accepted a slight delay in departure due to the delay of the aircraft because everyone can meet it. This is how the Aiport transfer works. If Flixbus does not understand it, it is better to remove the Berlin TXL stop from the distribution and return to the flexible airport transfer. The price of the ticket (Berlin center - 7 Euro, TXL-11 Euro) indicates that Flixbus distinguishes passengers from the airport for an additional fee but does not give anything in return. Never again and steer clear of this carrier. Never again!', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'I wanted to drive with FlixBus from Dusseldorf to Berlin, because the price in comparison to the course, of course, is very attractive. Booking and use of the app ran very well, even the transfer to a later bus was not a problem. On the day of departure had the bus already 30 minutes late - that too is not a problem. An hour later, I and three other passengers still sat in Dusseldorf - no trace from the bus. We had spent the hour checking every incoming bus for its number and destination, as the first bus (marked with our number) , who reportedly came as a night shift from Berlin, with the words "I give no information, I have to leave work, leave me alone" abfuhr.Nachdem I called the hotline and I was told that the bus was allegedly 45 minutes late and travelers had checked in (where, in Cologne?! The bus was NOT at the designated stop and NOT at the bus station). A rogue, who thinks that the driver might want to avoid the very detailed police checks at the Dusseldorf main station. On the hotline was Informed me that I could cancel the route, even if then 2 € processing fee would be kept. I just have to report by email. This is what I did then, and so far received no reply. I also wanted to cancel the return trip - via the Internet portal that was no longer possible (allegedly the order had already been canceled). Conclusion: missed out on the way Called twice with FlixBus, heard twice I have to contact the company by email because the phone service can not refund - and until today I have not seen a cent. I then had to buy two expensive train tickets - without the refund of FlixBus went pretty well into the money. I wanted to give Fernbussen a chance, really. The concept is great. But this first experience will definitely be my last one.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'On the day of departure, I got a sms from long-distance bus, that the bus "operational" fails, I should contact the hotline. I would have to wait 20 minutes (!!!!) in the line .. (p.s. The cost of customer service are extremely expensive.) Since tomorrow is Monday I have to work .. Due to this inconvenience I had to take an extra day off! A bus company should be RELIABLE! Especially "operational" fails, you do not know only 4 hours, before the departure. I will NEVER book again by coach !!!!!', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'I have just booked a ticket with a voucher, which I bought on ebay for whopping 50 euro. When I saved the booking, I then found that the date was wrong (departure at 1am, which means I accidentally booked one day early). The customer service then told me you can not help me, the ticket is neither refundable nor rebookable. I can understand that offers are not repostable, but that one is immediately stamped in case of errors in the booking, I think harsh. So far I have taken Flixbus twice, both times at night the route Rome-Munich. For someone who is 1.90 tall, the comfort is zero. Internet on the bus is advertising technology a great idea, but for me it has never worked properly (but was expected). I also do not understand why people have to take off their shoes even though it says in Arabic that they should let it. Ergo: if you are short of money, really have no choice and have to book at the last moment, buy a ticket on Ebay and take Flixbus (but be careful when booking). Otherwise, booking an early plane or train is often cheaper and much more comfortable for long distances. Hello Carlos, good to know Flixbus apparently has staff who do nothing but answer ratings, even on Sunday. The voucher was not a gift, I think I have the right to the promised performance for which I have paid, albeit indirectly. Rebooking is one thing, help with booking another. I will write now to the consumer protection.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Flixbus is a disaster. I went with Flixbus last July with a change from Hamburg to Augsburg. Already the first bus was 1.5 hours late on arrival and managed to build the delay to just under 5 hours. The fact that something can happen when traveling by bus is unpleasant, but should be clear. The bad thing happened afterwards. I have repeatedly called the customer service and rarely came through, which is a joke with a paid hotline. Unfortunately, a transfer to a connecting bus that I would reach was no longer possible, I would have had to wait 7 hours for the next ride (which was not possible, because I had to go to a job interview). I was kindly promised by a customer service representative and her supervisor. Flixbus will cover the costs of the train journey for the remainder of the journey. The next day, I sent all documents required to cover the costs (in the original) by post to the Flixbus central office. Approximately 8 weeks after sending, I kindly inquired about the whereabouts of my money. I was put off by the fact that my documents had been received, but the processing took much longer. Meanwhile, more than half a year has elapsed and I am still waiting for my money despite two further reminders. I did not even get an answer to the last message. What an unfriendly and by all means unreliable customer service. I can not recommend anyone to drive with Flixbus.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Worst transportation ever. Would leave at 21.20 left more than 1 hour too late. Driver went for break never informed us. Passengers were of course mad. Then he argued with passengers. The driver took his time and doesnt care at all.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'I have twice been forgotten with other bus guests, once it was said after 4 hours! Waiting time the bus would have a defect. I then had to look after a train ticket and came home only 5 hours later. The second time again no notification, we ripen several times, it was always the bus was late, then it said the bus would have been there earlier (3 people!) Were there and we could see for ourselves how we come home, not recommended , very unreliable!', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "On 28.01.16 I started punctually from Würzburg at 3:55 with the destination Munich airport, with change in Nuremberg (the evening before I noticed just in time that Flixbus does not accept luggage over 67 * 50 * 27 generally, resp. not in all buses, which is extremely unwise, because, for example, a 80 * 50 * 28 suitcase is a standard case with which many travel). Arrived in time in Nuremberg, I had about one hour big window and went to the main station, but was already 20 minutes before the departure time at 6:50 at the bus stop on Willy-Brandt-Platz (where I had previously arrived, also as a ZOB known). When the bus had not arrived at 7:15, I started to worry, because I was not allowed to delay too late not to miss my flight. Call the customer service quickly to find out how long the bus should be late. To my surprise, I was told (and thus also another passenger, who was waiting with me) that the bus to Munich Airport is happily driving and that I missed the bus (which is impossible, as I am in the time window 6:30 - 7 : 15 was in place). Since this explanation of the client advisor obviously did not correspond to the fact, I can only guess what actually went. I hope for Flixbus that it was a delay that was not properly handled by the system. Otherwise that would mean that the bus simply did not drive up to the stop in Nuremberg. So much for this ride. Fortunately, I still had enough time to travel by train (which cost me € 62 extra), which probably the other passenger should not have done. If Flixbus offers me any other explanation for the matter, I'm all ears.", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'No toilet on the way from Milan to Hamburg, no outlet in the bus. No internet, at every rest stop we can pay for the toilet, great service', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "On Sunday, December 13 at 12:45 pm my bus would depart from Groningen to Eindhoven. At 12:00 o'clock I arrived at the concerning boarding point and saw a bright green Flixbus driving in front of me. This was the bus to Enschede that was leaving on schedule. I took a seat on the bench near the bus station, looking around to see if I could drive my bus to Eindhoven somewhere. No bus at 12:45. Wait until 13:45, still no bus. I then had to take the train to be able to arrive at my destination (reasonably) on time. Unfortunately this cost me 24 euros! I immediately sent an email to Flixbus and did my story. According to Flixbus, I would have just been in the wrong place and the bus would have just driven! This is really too ridiculous for words! I stood at the right stop and was on time (even seeing the Flixbus to Enschede, what a wrong stop?) And waited an hour longer. I find it outrageous and ridiculous that it is not just admitted that the bus in question has not driven!", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Our bus from Eindhoven to Antwerp did not show up. After waiting for 1 hour in the rain, we contacted the airline in Germany by telephone. We were first put on hold for 5 minutes since they did not find anyone who spoke English. Afterwards we were told that they had no information for us because of a server problem. They also could not guarantee us that our bus would still come. After 1 hour 30 minutes we finally decided to take the train (which cost us 55 euros extra). We have not received the price of our bus ticket or the train refunded.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Copenhagen - Hamburg: The bus was 110 minutes late when we arrived at the terminus. WLAN did not work. Bus driver gave no information about the delay, he was very rude and spoke bad German, no English information for the foreign guests. Seats are comfortable. One can use the Fernbusses, if one has the whole day time for the transport, not if one has something before.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "That the driver needs breaks is clear - after all, these are required by law ... Only knows the Flixbus. How can it be that something like this is not planned and the bus goes to a rest stop in the middle of nowhere without any announcement for 30 minutes? I'll reach my destination at least half an hour later than planned - despite free roads. An impudence beyond compare!", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "Bus driver was unfriendly, should not put my little bag in the passenger compartment but had to put in the trunk, when I arrived in Wiesbaden, the bag was away with laptop and new clothes comment from the driver, literally !!! Bad luck and he meant that he was not responsible for that, you have to take care of your luggage !!! I wonder how to do that when in between stops are approached, or you rest and sleep ??? I drop my luggage from the bus driver, with a clear conscience that there nothing happens and it deals with it carefully and if something goes away then Flixbus also has to stick for it, but in the whole club nobody cares what has happened and how to help us We have several times called and have high telephone costs and written in first right nothing back No offer for the stolen things that they take the cost, etc. I have lost so much money that I min some years even the St Then I've noticed so many times in various different drivers overtired steer the vehicle and often do not know and do not find the way if a diversion was set upNine thanks FlixbusI will this Now everywhere announce that the public is also informed about and warned against this dubious company Here is not the passenger the king but the passenger is simply a cheap booking error wrong answer from you You are responsible for passengers as well as the luggage, as well as on flight the luggage also abandoned must be, then there for the luggage taken over the responsibility and if there is something lost then the costs are taken !!!! All the trouble out of the way, you could if the luggage a trailer attaches and the owner a related Trailers are there, but probably the Anh cost nger or sticker 2-3 cents, bringing ArbeitIch am deeply disappointed in you as a service and it will also be so passed on to the press", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'I swear I have never received my ticket there is 47 euro debited from my account via ideal I call then I get recorded and you hear me call you back I recommend you eurolines', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "I have had an extremely disappointing experience with Flixbus. On 4 November I bought a return ticket Amsterdam-Dusseldorf through iDeal (38,61 euros). Apparently bookings through iDeal do not come through at Flixbus, but mysteriously the money was deducted from my bank account anyhow. Two days later I realised I never received a ticket, so I called customer service. They told me to purchase a new ticket with a creditcard OR directly from the bus driver, because iDeal doesn't work and they didn't receive my booking. Why do you provide this payment method if you know it doesn't work? This information was also sent to me in an email. Since I was travelling the next day already, I decided to go for the latter option. When I arrived the next day, the bus driver told me I had to pay extra for the ticket because I didn't buy it online! So I had to pay 33 euros instead of 19 euros for one way. I coulnd't believe it, but I had to take that bus and he told me to contact customer service again. Flixbus technical problems are not my fault and they should have told me I had to pay extra, otherwise I would have purchased through creditcard! I sent them several emails with all the information they requested, but I never heard back from the customer service. When they wanted me to buy a new ticket, they replied to my email immediately, but now that I paid so much extra money they do not reply anymore.Flixbus still owes me €53,61.", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "On Friday, August 14, 2015, at 17.30 clock my girlfriend and I should go with Flixbus to Memmingen airport. Since we had a flight at 20.30 clock, we should also reach with one to one hour delay. Unfortunately, after an hour the bus was not at the central bus station and we had to take a taxi to reach our flight. I was very disappointed with Flixbus service but most of all I think it's bad that they did not report this delay until 6pm. If we had known this before, we could have found another solution (train or other bus). When I asked for refund of tickets, I received a voucher that was valid for only 3 days. Even though the voucher would have been valid longer, I would never travel with Flixbus again!", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "I got convinced to try Flixbus for the low fares and for what looks to be a serious company. The issues encountered actually explained why and how they can afford offering these low fares at the beginning.First of all, you can't (at least for the lines I chose) buy open tickets, you are fixed to a defined time and price... and departure places. The problem is they are plenty Flixbus buses leaving at the same time and long story short, it's easy to miss your bus even if you are on time and wait at the right place. Then you need to pay an overpriced ticket at the bus driver for the next bus. Try to discuss with their employees onsite, bus drivers and personal? They have zero understanding, don't all speak english, have no decision power and when I managed to get a proper conversation with one of them, he admitted this was a known issue having tourists missed their bus and paying an overpriced ticket, also admitted this was frequently reported internally... No change from the management what let think it is even part of the business model.The customer support online doesn't seem to exist and talking about the actual service, the bus drivers are not professional, the wifi is not working and the toilets... better avoid going.If you ever travel by bus in Germany, I strongly recommend you to pay a few bucks more and avoid this company.", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "- 60 minutes late - 30 minutes around Dusseldorf because of Pegida (one could have known) - double-decker bus filled to the top and stuffy-random Gepäckverstauung- at the departure Chaos: crowds on the footpaths, stops unclear and A completely overworked employeeThe train has Although regularly delayed, but there you have at least a pleasant place and does not have to pass regularly due to the skills of the driver. And for 29 € actually not a bad deal - there are actually more tickets than expected, and Ltur train tickets there are also still. @ Flixbus: Please no answer to my rating! It's the way it is and that just means that your service is not good. A well-intentioned letter does not help either. The only way is to improve your bad service. With good words there is no help.", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Criticism is taken from the side ????', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'I\'m currently sitting in the FlixBus and stand with it for about an hour on some rest area with the police and road safety next to us - the driver has NOTHING said! After I was at some point too long, I asked in front of what is going on there but also on further urges, he has said nothing about it and only meant that it would continue immediately. He then searched the purse for a missing person and still did not say anything about it. Now 15 minutes have passed since then again ... I will not ride this bus in my life, worst bus ride / worst bus driver ever! PS: Probably this is again with "on driving time breaks, controls, etc., we have no influence" apologized however, this does not look like ordinary control (why police and traffic safety over an hour set the bus?) and it is important that none of the passengers is said anything about it in one word.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'At the Munich central bus station, the bus driver opened the luggage departments, said which departments for which destination and then he was gone. I was afraid that the luggage could be stolen. FlixBus has made good use of refugee drama. We went with the several refugees together. It stunk in the bus beastly. This is not the service you would like to pay for. I will gladly avoid Flixbus in the future.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': '2 bad expierences here..We were planning a journey to strasbourg from saarbrucken..found prices  online to be superb however decided to pay on the day with the driver..unknowingly for us the prices tripled in price with the driver..after checking the website there was no indication that prices on the day could cost you more especially when the site specifically says you will pay the same online as you will to the driver...no you wont so dont pay on the day....learning from our mistake we decided to book a trip from saarbrucken to frankfurt.. i booked online and got our reservation...great news...2 hours before our journey we recieved a text message saying that our bus will not come to saarbrucken but we can get the later bus 1 hour later..when we checked the website it said that are journey was fully booked..how can that be when we had booked a ticket on the bus..i believe flix bus take as many bookings as possable and if they are fully booked before they are due to stop at your city then sorry you lose...2 journeys now with far from good views of this company...', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "On the 1st of October I started my journey from Marburg to Hamburg Hbf together with an escort. Unfortunately, the bus which should start at 12:40 clock, only at 14:15 clock there, what ever a bit worse boil. But one was glad when the bus finally arrived and one did not have to wait any longer. The bus driver was friendly and helpful and when all the other passengers boarded was also immediately started. The ride over was really relaxed there were only very small mini jams but these were quickly overcome. But then just before Hannover where the second stop would be, the bus turned to a gas station and the driver left the bus to look at the driver's side to anything. He took pictures which amazed me and then hastily phoned. We passengers looked weird then and the phone call took about half an hour. But when the bus driver got back on the bus and explained what was going on I fell off the chair. The bus driver told us that he had just phoned his boss to report to them that the bus front had a puncture and it would be better to organize a replacement bus. But the boss had told him on the phone that everything was fine with the mature and he should not do so. I as a passenger and also my companion did not feel well at all because of something like that and also some passengers said that they would get off here. The bus driver tried to calm down and said that he would drive under 80h / km and would immediately stop driving, should the ride of the bus deteriorate. Said we drove on and when we reached Hanover with already much delay, we kept hearing how our bus driver with the customer center on the phone. Finally arrived in Hanover, our bus trip was canceled first but it should already be a replacement bus on the way to take us to Hamburg Hbf. Nevertheless, we thanked the bus driver because he had really done the best job in the whole company and waited for the replacement bus. This arrived after 30 minutes but when we wanted to get in, the lady told us that she knew nothing about the whole thing. Immediately the cell phone was picked up and the lady called at the head office and let us get on the bus. So we finally drove on and reached Hamburg central station at 22:00 o'clock. Although according to the timetable we should be there at 18:45. But we were all just happy to have arrived at the end and were also with the nerves at the end. Nevertheless, I can only praise the bus driver who really had done everything in his power to us to move to Hamburg. I love Chef's the Flixbus Businesses, can YOU still sleep right through when they are so easy to deal with strangers by telling YOU that everything is alright, ONLY so you DO NOT have to spend the money to make sure the buses are in order? It is an impudence to behave in such a way and above all, that you are on the verge of passing over what happens to your customers, as well as with your driver? I and my company, have taken the train for the return trip even if it cost a bit more, so I arrived at least on time and not with such a behavior towards the driver's and the customer's home.", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Hello! My experience with Meinfernbus / Flixbus-> no "real" customer service availableBus travel was ok, but customer service in advance of the booking was a disaster. If you have a refund request or a faulty booking that you want to cancel (the booking system is not mature, especially with previously purchased Lidl vouchers for Germany-wide trips) then you get 2 weeks no answer, even if you send the mail 3-4x over several days, it is based on gross ignorance and only if you "pressure" and sets a deadline and threatens with legal fees then you realize that the customer service reads the emails every hour but very quickly, sometimes even within 10 minutes intervals, but then only tries to talk the customer out of claims, everything is so "bent" so that the customer receives no credit / refund. Basically, money is not given back for faulty tickets, even if this is against German law. At the end I filed criminal charges for *** against Flixbus / Meinfernbus, one is deceived as a customer and it is only about the avoidance of claims of the customer. No Euro should go back to the customer. The procedure runs against Meinfernbus / Flixbus ... Conclusion: Customer service of the above merged companies (both service departments are probably closed together, same procedure) is only to defend against claims ... even the Deutsche Bahn is much more customer-friendly and accommodating with problems and sticks to most the law. Will look in the future rather early for low rates at the Deutsche Bahn or looking for long-distance bus companies to offer the service, because it quickly goes wrong something when booking and otherwise the money is gone ...', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Instead of stowing the suitcase is phoned and you have to do it yourself.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Booked a trip on 9 September. Paid with iDEAL. Unfortunately no tickets received. Called with Germany. Could not return money. Had to send an email. Done. No response and the money is not back yet. Called again today, I did my story neatly and politely and that I wanted my money back. I got a very gruff notice that she could not help it. And without further explanation, the connection was broken. I was stupid amazed. Now send a reminder. The reason I write that now is that I read a lot of reviews from people who happened the same. So beware. Action against this company is necessary. Unfortunately. I booked the trip again with a credit card last month. When receiving tickets. I hope that the trip goes well and is not as bad as the service from the back office.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'My nieces went abroad for the first time for a concert in Berlin, everything went well until they had to go back with your bus. They had driven to the pickup spot with the city bus but had some delays along the way, so they were a little late. They saw the bus just drive away, my niece behind it and he stopped happy! They thought, the bus driver did not want to take them anymore! He just drove away from their noses. You do not leave two young girls in Berlin alone! With suitcase and all !! They are only 19 and 17 years old !!! They had to get their parents from Berlin !! What could have happened to them! And what an extra cost! The girls had spared for this! I think this is really outrageous. !!!', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "Has been a terrible experience for our daughters !! The girls went for a trip to Belijn last weekend with the flixbus back and forth! From Groningen to Berlijn.Heenreis was not nice, bus driver stopped after an hour, and then no more! Six hours in the bus, without stopping, and they were only allowed to go to the toilet in an emergency !! The return journey was half past two on Sunday afternoon, the girls were on time at the bus, but the driver left without them !! They were at the door, with luggage and everything, but sir did not open the door !!! Shrugged his shoulders, tapped his watch, and just drove away !! Even when my eldest daughter broke through all the stress, and started to cry, he did not open the door yet !! What a terrible bitch are not you? Do not leave a few young girls alone at the station in Berlin !!? Another bus did not drive anymore, and grabbing a plane was too expensive! We got two girls on the phone, who were very upset! This was just a minute after half past two, so ..... We have tried all kinds of things, train, too expensive, no bus that was still running, and up to date from disaster we got on the hotline of the flixbus, which is supposed to be available for 24 hours, nobody to catch, with no possibility! Then we decided to pick up the girls from Berlin !! With the car, a ride of 7 hours , and 7 hours terug.Maanagochtend 6 o'clock we were back home with the maids.All broken, and cooked.Monday afternoon again tried to achieve flixbus .... No result, not accessible though! I'm really desolate! The girls had already paid for the tickets, and we have also made the necessary expenses to pick them up again, really absurd this !! On mailing is barely replied, a standard sentence, very briefly, that you should be on time, and that they times have to keep ..... But they were on time !!! And then still !! You do not leave two of those young girls at the station in Berlin !! No, we are not happy. We really hope that this will be handled in a decent way, because this is obviously not a good advertisement for flixbus !!", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'BEFORE PURCHASING A MILAN TICKET TO NUREMBERG, CONSULT ABOUT THE POSSIBILITY OF CARRYING A BAGGAGE OF SPECIAL MEASURES. I CONFIRMED THAT IF IT COULD BE. BUY THE TICKET, CALL TO PASS THE CODE AND RECEIVE AT THAT TIME INFORM ME THAT THE BUS IS TWO FLOORS AND CAN NOT TAKE MY BAGGAGE. ONLY SOLUTION IS TO CANCEL THE PASSAGE AND I KEEP 15 EUROS OF THE 30 THAT PAYS.ME I FEEL SCAMED BY THIS COMPANY AND I DECIDE TO KNOW ANY OF THEM. LUIS CORDIDEBO ADD IN THIS COMMENT THAT THE MAIN FAILURE IS IN THE PERSON THAT ANSWERED ME TO TELEPHONE, WHO EVIDENTLY IS NOT CAPACITED TO RESPOND AND SOLVE PROBLEMS OF THIS TYPE.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "I was not taken as a wheelchair user from Frankfurt to Ingolstadt. The bus driver simply refused to drive there. Before, I had called the company, if everything goes well, no, the request for disabled people you have to do only to get a discount. The local employee told me that at the moment there is a huge chaos in the company but I should now take a train ticket and this is also refunded. Before, I had asked him again and again about the bus, first it was said he was late, then he would have left 6 minutes ago. Just that bus on which the bus driver told me he does not go to Ingolstadt. The reimbursement was arranged locally by the employee with the headquarters. So I have on 29.07. as discussed my train ticket in the amount of 78 euros sent plus my original booking. No reaction a second time posted under Case # 10413501. Then call and only be comforted one. It could take 4-6 weeks, but you definitely pay. With the case number you can not do anything, because already forwarded to the finance department, but there is no access on it ... 6 weeks are now over. I'll probably have to take a lawyer. I think the company is anything but serious! The company had responded with a text module (see below). In reality, however, nothing has happened even after 8 weeks! You just do not work it!", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Miserable first ride and first experience. I drove from Bremen to Berlin last week on Thursday. The bus came from Amsterdam and was already 40 minutes late before I got in, as on the border apparently the passports and staff were checked. As you already got started you noticed, that the air was different. This smell was then confirmed very often just before Hamburg when the bus was stopped by customs and lots of things were confiscated (I hope I do not have to call them). Alone, this was already another 2.5 hours late. Then came on the highway a full closure and then an accident. Actually, I should arrive at 9 clock, but this was about 14:15. At the bus station at the Flixbus I was then assured that, because of these inconveniences, I would be able to give 2 free rides to the call center but not on site. There I immediately called the next day. My case was under investigation, and it was said that this was not Flixbus\'s fault, but that it had been a "higher power," even though airlines and the like were also responsible for weather delays and other delays. I then wanted to talk to the supervisor of the call center, but this was busy at the time, but it was said that they can call me back on my number already deposited, this unfortunately did not happen, so I tried again today, however This company seems to continue to feel no responsibility, so I am deeply disappointed. I had my return already at 17:30, so that only about 3 hours left me in Berlin.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Prices are cheap and this is a point in favor. But due to a serious inaccuracy in the description of the starting place (they indicated a station NOTING more) I was unable to take the bus for which I had already paid for the ticket, which was not possible to repay or change to another date. The customer service operator was unavailable and he only gave me little information, insufficient to solve the problem. Next time to travel I rely on other means.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "Never again Flixbus! I stood around 4 hours in Dusseldorf without a bus came. Several times asked drivers, the head office instructed me to continue to wait, because buses would come, nothing came, at night at 0:00 I luckily got caught a bus from OneBus, otherwise I would have to stay there. Disastrous, here the left hand does not know what the right one is doing. To cap it all, I was then also ditched by the customer service and did not even receive compensation for all the lost time and nerves (The bus went somewhere somewhere other than the specified bus stop, unfortunately I'm just no clairvoyant Information about other buses and thereby unnecessarily further waiting was not even lost a word). Never, never, never again, I prefer to run across Germany.", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'I book my bus ride at Flixbus: Paris / Berlin: around 19.00 H !!! Well, they must ride on horseback !! A priori no stopovers: Departure Porte Maillot arrival Bus Station Berlin.On reserve, with the return to be quiet, we pay and here we are told: "stop here with waiting for 2 hours in the middle of the night for change, stop there without change ", for the return the same, a stopover of 23.20 H 00.45 H !!!, properly outrageous !!! Who are we laughing at ? Why not indicate it from the start. Obviously we cancel immediately, but this joke costs us 15.00 €.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'My request to Flixbus: "Dear Ladies and Gentlemen, In the hurry of the fight there was a mishap in my booking.My trip was to go from Zurich to Munich on the 26th of September and back on the 28th of September, but now it has the places for me Then I thought to myself: No problem, the money will certainly be refunded to me and I ordered the right tickets a few minutes later when I wanted to cancel the wrong tickets First of all I was surprised by the cancellation fee of 3 € per ticket, as I noticed the mistake only a few moments after booking. In addition I think that the fee per booking and not per ticket should apply But what bothers me is that the refund is made through a voucher, I kindly ask you to give me the money on my credit card back, because I can not do anything with the vouchers. "The answer: Does not work. I find very ugly - would have expected some goodwill!', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Alleged 97% satisfaction and 94% punctuality is boundless lie. 8 times I drove at different times with Flixbus. In all cases there were significant delays of some 1.5h and problem with stench of the toilets', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Early last week I booked a trip from Utrecht to Dortmund for my girlfriend and myself. After booking € 42, - I did not receive confirmation email, not even with unwanted emails. The driver did not want to take us with us after proof of payment. A few days later the same story. Booking from Dortmund to Utrecht for 1 person from € 21, - without confirmation email. Again no trip for me. After at least 30 calls at different times and days, I do not get anyone on the phone (even at 00:30 at night with a 24-hour service). An automatic tape tells me that it is too busy and I should try later. Also various emails with proof of payment are not answered by Flixbus. I feel so slowly that I can whistle to my € 63, -. Never experienced anything like this.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "So far and this time I was very satisfied with the trip (Dusseldorf - Heidelberg), but unfortunately I left my agenda folder with identity documents, driver's license, credit and check cards, mobile phone, cash, diary etc. in the bus when leaving - quite a bit Disaster, but of course my fault. After several phone calls and completing a loss form, Flixbus just told me that it would take at least a month to process the matter. In the meantime, only five days have passed, I have not found out if the folder has been found and therefore decides to never use Flixbus again in the future.", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "SHAME ... NEVER MORE I WILL TRAVEL HERE On Friday, August 6, we made a trip to Basel with our family, happy we wanted to prove how we could make this trip with the company, when the driver arrives in Strasbourg for the vehicle to load gas and take advantage Along with other passengers to go to the bathroom and move my legs a bit, the driver sees me going to the service and when I leave the bus starts leaving me at the service station and my family telling him that I am there, like other passengers, his response was that the bus does not stop for nothing! and he will continue his trip, he did not have any documents or cell phone in the lower part of the vehicle, an unpleasant movement was formed against the driver because of his completely incomprehensible attitude, since he sees the passenger running and the family complaining ... he had to turn around to Take the motorway 45 minutes after passing through Strasbourg and forced him to stop to pick me up, since he refused, the moment I go up without knowing what had happened, he tells me that I behaved like a ... it's completely crazy, I have 57 years, I have traveled continuously for my work and never, I have never been through a situation like this, and with buses we will not return, today we have our trip back, but we will not make the journey and return to the safe, comfortable and predictable train .. .the problems with the passengers did not end there ... but surely they can count them in the first person others ... lamentable, shameful, irresponsible ... people in charge of a passage of 40 people who can not with them my But, One when making a trip is to be calm and relax, in this case with the family, sincerely what you are looking for the people in charge in this case of the bus, is professionalism and good manners, we have not met or seen anything of this, we travel piled up, little space, bad ways and a total lack of empathy towards the passenger, for not commenting again on the regrettable situation experienced. logically one puts in the balance the price, but, the comfort and the minimum attention of respect must be guaranteed, for my part everything is said, we have renounced our trip back and taken by train, it is clear that we will not travel anymore for this company.", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "Dear Ladies and Gentlemen, Many thanks for your service to the customer. Today, your driver left my son without his travel bag in Düsseldorf on the bus. Also after contact to another bus of your line and assistance by telephone one could not help us and had referred us to your hotline. Unfortunately, you could not help there either because the driver had left the bus without his cell phone. After 50 minutes, he then returned to his vehicle and had without checking just open the luggage compartment below. So we could wait at least 50 minutes to remove the bags. Thank you class service! Recomendation on the part of Flixbus Facebook: we apologize for the inconvenience. The absence was the driving time of the driver. We are still reassured that your son has come to his bag in time. That's all !!!!", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Booked was a trip from Bad Oeynhausen to Paris via Ansterdam with 110 minutes of boarding time. The bus arrived with 80 minutes delay without delay SMS. On the bus platform was also another time, which we did not even know if the bus is still coming. After 30 minutes drive, the Sms came with alleged 40 minutes late. Before we got in, we reached the hotline after an 80-minute waiting loop and were able to confirm that the DEFINITIVE bus would be waiting. The two bus drivers confirmed this as well. We arrived with 120 minutes delay, the bus to Paris has not waited 10 minutes. Our Bis driver wanted to finish work fast and told us the bus is coming any moment. And if not, there are buses going to Paris all night. He then drove off. Another driver told us, the bus was driven 10 minutes ago and the next leaves at 8 (9 hours later !!!!!!!!) We should now call the toll-free hotline from abroad. This tells us after a long wait for a come through, the bus is there. He was not there !! The bus platform was more than manageable. You could, if you still had battery, buy a new ticket. Without toilets, food, benches, electricity etc we could spend 9 hours the night on the bus platform. There was no alternative offered by the hotline. I started my journey because I arrived in Paris 15 hours later. As expected, the bus was also late, making it no longer worth it. So far, no answer to reimbursement of costs. Never again will I drive with flixbus. WLAN did not exist either. Absolutely degrading the treat and the customers !!!!!! Do not do it !!!', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Travel from Amsterdam to Berlin was ok, even if the toilets were not available, we made a lot of stops. But... they charged me twice for this travel. I called, i e-mailed them a lot with the proof, and the management did not answer at all. If i could pay 60€ for this journey I better took a train or a flight !', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "We 3 friends have June 29 jl. A day in Brussels booked with the Flixbus for 12 euros pp.Depart 7.30 Amstersam Sloterdijk, perfekt! Turns out a driver on the bus that has never been in Brussels! An hour late we arrive at Gare Du Nord. The bus for the return journey arrives at 19.30 at Gare Du Nord. WOULD come because the bus never came! No message from Flixbus, when we called the phone number we got a tape. As the last possibility the train was taken and 42 euros pp poor. Without this last train we could not come home. Finally at 1 am on A'dam Sloterdijk! Directly sent a letter and sued the organization, NOTHING heard about it. June 25 another letter with warning sent with notice to hand over the matter. Again NOTHING heard about it. I will get my money back anyway. And for me NEVER more flixbus. A VERY BAD bus organization. Never travel with it.", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "Sharing my experience of my travel booking with FlixBus, I had booked 12 days in advance for travel from Den Haag to Antwerp on 01-07-2015, upon receiving booking confirmation  BOOKING NUMBER:#8004127815 with the departure(pick up point) the address specified was Den Haag (HTM Conexxion Busstation), Waldorpstraat, 2521 Den Haag, as I reach the location 40 mins in advance was waiting for the bus, checked with other buses about flixbus and no one had any clue, made several calls to the call center and finally after 25 mins got hold  of an service rep who said the bus already departed from different location and it was a mistake that they specified this in the booking confirmation. I had made booking for 2 and after realizing the bus has left, reached train station and paid high price tickets(due to last min purchase). Sad part was when I tried calling call center again the agent was very rude and just hung up on me reason was she was not comfortable speaking in English and I couldn't speak German. If that's the problem then why do they have Business in different location and want foreigners to use their service? It was just a terrible experience and would never ever recommend to anybody.I am writing mails for compensation and refund for my travel.Absolutely unacceptable and demand an answer for my inconvenience.", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "To avoid the railway strike, we have booked a bus. The trip should go on 22.05.2015 at 08:15 from the main train station Essen to HBF Darmstadt.One hour before came a text message that the bus is 11/2 hours late. Before the departure in Essen the bus was controlled by the police and prevented at the onward journey because of serious safety deficiencies. Two tires were completely worn. What kind of company is it that exposes its passengers to such serious and visible security risks? We've been sitting here for 5 hours now, waiting. No one can say exactly if and when the defective tires are replaced or if a replacement bus comes. The headquarters of FLIXBUS is not accessible. We booked for the first time at FLIXBUS and guaranteed for the last time. Absolutely not recommended. In the future I will drive with my car again. (this review was written during our wait)", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'VERFLIXTER BUS! So far only good experiences, then I get once a text message with the information that the FlixBus 1 hour later will arrive, of course, half an hour early at the stop and wait then beaten 3 hours, because the lady in the hotline too he says he would be right there - and? NOTHING! FLOATED mist bus. Then I am allowed to spend money to eat a damn train ticket for 40 euros (+ 8eu for the journey itself;)) and I am assured that I will get this money again - and? NOTHING! The bus was allegedly shortly after 11 in Marburg. The very last. Never again do I drive with this scrap busses. As compensation I will get a travel voucher worth 8 EU. offered xD ... the very last thing just ...', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'After reading positives on long-distance buses in the "Spiegel" and the "Zeit", I have been driving professionally from Hannover to Hamburg every week for a few weeks. In the course of the booking process of Flixbus, the mobile number is queried so that you can be notified in case of delay via SMS. Today I had made extra work two hours earlier to catch the 16:25 Flixbus to Hamburg. The display at the ZOB, Hannover showed a delay of 40 minutes. I had not received a text message about the delay, just as on Friday of the previous week when the Flixbus had an hour delay. By SMS, I was only informed about the appearance of the bus. After waiting for 40 minutes, I asked the Flixbus employee with the artificial fingernails and black hair (unlike her colleague, she did not want to say her name, was she ashamed of Flixbus?), Call the head office to ask when the bus would arrive finally at the ZOB is. I had heard from other guests that the delay would actually be 1.5 hours. Absurdly, she was only allowed to call her control center after another 10 minutes delay, she let me know. The bus she could not track, the navigation device was probably broken. Neither did she call me a responsible person, nor did she let me call someone in the control room who was responsible for the information chaos. She just referred to the customer service and claimed that the bus was right there. Meanwhile, the 16:15 Flixbus to Hamburg, which was also late, arrived in Hannover. With a burning cigarette the bus driver ran through his bus! Although there were still places available, he was not allowed to take along the passengers waiting for the bus at 4:25 pm. (At Lufthansa it\'s different.) There was no substitute bus provided. Finally, the delay was 1 hour and 40 minutes. Although our bus driver had already informed the control center about the delay at noon, the passengers were misled with a delay of 40 minutes. An SMS with the actual delay, we did not get. Also on the website there was no hint. Delays of buses can happen through accidents and traffic jams, I had already experienced in the previous week. What annoys me so much is the lack of information or the misleading by false information. If I had timely knowledge of the real delay, I would a) work in the warm office and thus make money or b) can travel by train to Hamburg, instead of standing around for hours in the cold on the ZOB Hannover.Und on top I get despite multiple request please no customer service bills for my Flixbus rides before the merger with MeinFernbus. For business travelers and commuters this bus route does not seem to be recommended. My assessment and experience, I will also tell the Flixbus customer service in the customer survey.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Route Munich-Karlsruhe on 21.02.15 departure 15.30 clock.Flixbus tickets already purchased on 03.01.15 online. Display board holding bay 13: MFB / Flixbus Munich-KA 15:30. Approach denied by the driver: He can only read in MFB tickets. Would take us however, if we would buy new tickets with him !! Otherwise, he could say nothing, he was only responsible for his bus. After some searching in time for Bay 3 more MFB Flixbus Munich KA found. Departure 15:30. Approach also denied due to overbooking. 5 other passengers who had already been on the bus had to leave it again. Completely overburdened called MFB employee could offer no remedy. All following buses allegedly occupied. 7 people were referred to the DB, but only regional train tickets would be refunded: With the regional train Munich-KA: A small world trip to at night with 3-5x change. Finally, in own initiative, get 2 tickets in the Eurolinesbus Munich-London. Arrival in KA 22:30 clock. If these are the blessings of the Fusion MFB / Flixbus, then I wish the old status back. Service and logistics more than faulty!', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "First boarded the wrong bus, because the employee did not control my ticket, I mentioned BEFORE entering, WHERE I had to go. Staff still referred me to the bus. Landed in the wrong city and paid no travel expenses. NOT EVEN AN ANSWER VIA MAIL GET! But the Internet always works, that's the only reason why I'm driving with Flixbus", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "On July 27, 2014, I had booked a Flixbus from Hanover at 14:25 to Hamburg. Despite the SMS that the bus should come about 30-40 minutes later, stood with me at least five other people in Hannover at the ZOB. We have often tried to reach the headquarters, but were mostly put off only by the waiting announcement. After we finally got through, we were only told there was no communication with the bus, but he had to come soon, so we waited. I waited with other people in the blazing sun for the 16:25 and 17:45 bus to Hamburg, where both bus drivers told us we can not ride! However, I have not seen it, again to pay the full price and have continued to wait. When I finally got through to their hotline at 18 o'clock, I was told the bus has long been gone. So I only had the opportunity to take the train to Hamburg. However, I wonder how at least 5 people could have missed the bus (all knew that a white spare bus should come). So I sat 4 hours in the sun, could not buy a toilet or drink anything (the bus could have come in time) and I am very disappointed with the communication and reliability of Flixbus. The cost of my Niedersachsentickets (20 €), which are forcibly incurred me were not reimbursed even after repeated demand.", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "Very  disappointed to be left out in the emelments by flixbus in Salzburg while waiting for the bus Friday 23rd Jan.8 passengers and I waited form 12:15 for a 12:40 to Munich that never showed.Repeatedly we called the hotline with no answer. So we emailed. Still no response. After 60min of trying we finally received an answer to our calls, however they had no idea where the bus was and why it hadn't showed up at pickup point. Promising to check buses lication and to call us back, we waited a further 45 minutes with no reply and again we couldn't get through to hotline. We gave up after two hours and bought a group ticket by train to Munich.Disappointed no courtesy calls were made to customers in the event of cancellation or problem. Disappointed they did not keep promise and get back to us. Poor service flixbus!", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'We got a sms on our last trip that our bus is late, so we arrived a little later. Unfortunately the sms was wrong and our bus had left without us. Instead, after talking to a FlixBus employee, we took the ICE to be reimbursed. Since mid-September we are waiting for the refund !!', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'NEVER AGAIN FLIXBUS! I\'m glad that I arrived safely. Driver was visibly tired over the last two hours (rubbed his eyes regularly, etc.) and wanted to take about half an hour break before about 70km before Berlin. This did not work, because at three consecutive rest stops no parking lot was free - he drove through. Calls constantly without hands-free system. Supposedly "unscheduled" no second driver, but in the other direction on the same line the driver was alone! IRRESPONSIBLE!', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': '3 hours delayed the departure in Berlin, there was neither a snack nor a coffee or even a word of apology. The hotline consists of an expensive phone number and a mail is only after 5! Days (little meaningful and with seemingly prefabricated sentence modules) answered. So you literally stand in the rain and wait. Fittingly, when it started at 3:00 in the morning, the toilet was broken and there were no sockets for the now empty batteries. The bus driver shone by speechlessness and shrug - and therefore omitted to announce the break and its length or something to announce. I just hope that everyone has come along and not some are still wrong today through the Teuteburger Wald ... Flixbus is definitely something for real adventurers - and people with a lot of time and (very important!) Humor. Certainly not for me. Incidentally: Not even ne fax number has the club in the imprint ... Probably for a very good reason.Nachtrag to comment by Flixbus: Actually, I had hoped that this information would have enough to determine the exact data - but apparently that is probably not Single case ... This was the bus connection from Berlin to Dusseldorf on 31.08.2014 at 23.55 clock. Bankruptcies, bad luck and mishaps ... I actually caught myself looking for the hidden camera aus.Und by high administrative effort (no fax, form war, expensive hotline and postage costs) Flixbus tried in my eyes to prevent the rightful compensation claims or at least considerably more difficult. Customer- and service-oriented m.E. different.One (still) very long way .... (Case # 10177747)', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Advantages: No disadvantages: I booked a trip from Berlin to Hannover. This ride should take place at 15.15. We were already at 14.30 on the spot to find the right bus quickly. However, no bus was to be found. I asked every bus from 15.oo to 15.45 if this was the right one. But without success. Then I wanted to ask by phone at 15.oo, but it took until 16.oo until I had anyone on the line at all. I was promised a recall on clarification of the case. This did not come until today. Then I was informed by mail that the bus was supposed to be there. An impudence! Never again Flixbus !!!!', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Our bus from Berlin to Munich was much too late and fully overbooked. We were given the option to book ourselves an EC train back to Munich, of which FlixBus would reimburse the costs.Since no EC train would be going to Munich that day, my wife and I booked an ICE train and asked for all necessary papers to prove to FlixBus that we took the only possible connection back to Munich.After having sent a letter without receiving a response for over a month, I wrote an email to which I received an unkind response that we will be receive a refund for a "Schönes Wochenende Ticket", for 44 Euros, for two persons. This means we paid 200 Euros for our train, and only got refunded 44 Euros. So far I haven\'t even seen the lousy 44 Euros, while FlixBus says that I should have received it and I should check my bank account again. Seems like it\'s going to be a long story before I even have those lousy 44 Euros back..The service desk is not available by phone (connection gets cut off, telling you to email them), very rude and unhelpful (if they even answer your questions that is). Please stay far away from this company and book your tickets with another bus service.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'In a nutshell: do not trust the delay notification service via SMS. I was told by SMS that the bus was delayed by 70 minutes. A quarter of an hour before departure, I then waited in vain for the bus at the departure. The porky customer service (about 49 cents / minute), which I reached only in the 5th attempt, then told me that the bus was ultimately only 35 minutes late; I missed the bus. The phone call was not refunded. For the refund, it is not enough that you send the documents scanned by mail to the customer service; You will not be refunded postage. Compared to other services, the bus drivers of FlixBus do not have a list of passengers. So you would not have been able to call me. More serious, however, is that this makes overbooking possible (happened to me on the outbound Münster-Siegen). Like those people who can no longer find a seat on the bus, then arrive at their destination is their own problem. When reimbursing, do not assume that you respond individually to your concerns. You only get automated e-mails. Conclusion: No reliability of the driving service and an underground customer service. The first and last time FlixBus for me.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "The offer sounded not bad, four tickets for the Flixbus for 10 € per trip. So off to Lidl and strike. The first ride took place on the Friday before Pentecost. It went from Dusseldorf to Bremen. The bus arrived in Dusseldorf 60 minutes late. In Bremen we were 90 minutes late. The way back went smoothly. The next trip took place on the 24th of July. It should go from Cologne to Leipzig. Already at the starting point the bus came 90 minutes late. Shortly before Leipzig the bus broke down. There we were allowed to wait over two hours. After the repair we arrived in Leipzig with more than three hours delay. The way back was on the 27th of July and we were on time on the track. After 90 minutes, we learned from another Flixbus driver that buses today look different than usual. Even in Dresden some guests would not have recognized this bus. The bus for us would have been on time in time, but unfortunately neither my four passengers nor I have recognized this. Since I had to go home, I booked then three hours later a twice as expensive bus at meinfernbus.de. This came on time and the ride went smoothly. After that, at least I wanted to get my money back, because if four other guests did not recognize the bus next to me, it could not have been us. Flixbus sees it differently. It's my own fault, since I did not specify my mobile number. Only this was not compulsory and because they are already rummaging through e-mail, I did not want to give out my number. An email could not write Flixbus and on the homepage under delays, etc. was also nothing. Lists are not kept in the buses, according to Flixbus and the bus driver it was not strange that no one boarded in Leipzig. To call once on the only long-distance bus station, that here the Flixbus comes, would probably have been too much requested ... ..", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'I thought the price for the tickets was okay. But I preferred to do the return trip with another company. The bus (route Hamburg-Berlin) came through the summer traffic too late (30 minutes), which was also understandable due to the many construction sites. But instead of the fact that the company already provides another bus driver, was not given (because of the driving times). Instead, it was then again on the track break of MINIMUM 25 minutes (announced by the bus driver) made, rather another bus driver took over the bus. On the whole, this was a delay of exactly 1 1/2 hours due to the organization of the bus operation operating for Flixbus. In addition, the service in the bus was absolutely bad. One should really sit on a seat that was soaked through a full soda can. According to the bus driver something would not be his problem, as one would have to talk to the person who had sat there before. Well, the person was only out of Hamburg unfortunately !!!!! Flixbus should come up with the idea to include a seat reservation in his program. There was a row over the seats because somebody sat down in the square, where one of them was already sitting, but the one outside had smoked a cigarette in front of the bus. As I said, organizationally you should perhaps improve it. Unfortunately, the bus company does not see me again as a customer, because I then rather pay the 50, - € more (for my inner peace) and then take the train.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'On 15.07.2014 I tried using voucher code to book a ride on Flixbus. I repeatedly wrote mails to Flixbus with the wording: "On 07.06.2014 I bought 4 tickets for Flixbus at LIDL for € 9.99 each, the tickets are activated according to the ticket. Unfortunately, I can not drive book, because every time a message comes, that the code is not activated or has already been used. "The whole day I tried to reach someone on the hotline.FULLY !!! After 22 o\'clock was the abgeschalten.Hundenlang in the internet researched. I\'m not the only one. Very dubious for me. I\'m very disappointed in this scam. I was hoping for help. Instead, 10 times the same standard answer, handled by the computer !!!', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'I drove on the 30.04.2014 the first time with Flixbus and certainly the last time. Everything went smoothly on the way from Hamburg to Dortmund. The bus driver was friendly and the ride started on time. Well, you can not speak of comfort in the buses, because the rows of seats are already very tight, but you can live. The big surprise, and in a negative sense, I got a few days later, when I returned from Dortmund Hamburg wanted to go. The bus was overbooked, so there was no more space for me and two other passengers. So what to do? It was not possible to stand, so a solution had to be found. After consulting the very nice driver, he contacted Flixbus to find a solution. This looked then so that we should buy tickets for the next EC of the Deutsche Bahn, and then come by train to its destination. Although everything went so far unproblematic from, but it can not be that there are no seats for customers with valid tickets and they themselves have to see how they get to their destination. On 04.06.2014, I then received an e-mail from Flixbus , in which I was informed that from the overbooking of the bus and the resulting purchase of a train ticket costs incurred in the amount of € 68.00 for reasons of goodwill € 44.00 be reimbursed. Mind you: The ticket was only after specific agreement with the bus driver, who has personally contacted with Flixbus, bought. Today Flixbus claims that the refund of a ticket for an IC / EC is not provided. For me and the other two passengers not taken along, the only option was to drive in an EC. If Flixbus does not agree to fully reimburse the costs incurred, I will call a lawyer without further warning. What this company does is the very last and I can only warn everyone to travel with Flixbus. It remains to be hoped that this company disappears as soon as possible from the market in the course of the competition. At present, I continue to argue with this "company" and will proceed with all means at my disposal, against Flixbus! In front of this provider, I can really just warn everyone urgently!', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'I booked my return trip from Berlin to Nuremberg this weekend. Scheduled departure was at 13:00. We were punctual at half past 2 at the ZOB like many other passengers as well, but unfortunately the bus was far and wide no trace. We were informed for half an hour about nothing until after three quarters of an hour but the explanation came that the bus is in a traffic jam. So far everything is fine. But when he was finally there the bus driver said he still had to take a three quarters of an hour break because he came from Rostock. That too is understandable but what happened after that is a bottomless impudence! In the bus there was a total of 51 people. The problem was that this bus had more than 51 people booked so we could not accommodate all. The solution of the bus driver was finally to let so many people on the bus, as places were available and the rest could think on good German even as they should come home! Although the company takes over the cost of trains, but not ICEs, which would have been the only way we had returned to Nuremberg. Fortunately we had managed to get a seat but there was a family and more people in Berlin with no idea how they should come home! Scheduled arrival was in Nuremberg at 18:55 we were finally at 22:15 in Nuremberg and on a Sunday! The whole with the overbooking seems to have already been on the way to Berlin, as otherwere told by passengers. That something like that happens, that you can sell more tickets than there are places and can not happen! I will never drive with this company again. So really. It was just a bottomless impudence!', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Did the trip Munich-Vienna booked, that since Salzburg the journey continues by train, I only after I got a ticket, learn ... Wanted to cancel the trip, but would cost 15 € (processing fee), the trip itself 19 € cost. There is the possibility to get a coupon, but then fall to 3 € on processing fees.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Have used Flixbus for the first time and will be the last time. On the outward journey, the bus was 35 minutes late, because the driver had probably not properly planned the rest schedule. On the return trip, the driver came to replace another driver only after an hour in Alsfeld. There was no apology or similar. Flixbus does not seem to have the brightest employees in the service department. WLAN works very slowly and mostly fails. Therefore already an impudence to advertise. On customer requests come only standard answers. With this juice shop I will not drive anymore and advise each of them. Hopefully, this club disappears quickly from the market.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Unfortunately have not had a single Flixbus, which was on time. In addition, Flixbus seems to have recruited the drivers directly from the taxis in Istanbul or Bucharest ... the fear goes with every trip.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "I am very dissatisfied. That a bus times an electrical breakdown happens, can be times. That this is not necessarily repaired within 30 minutes, is also clear to me. But to offer the passengers no options, nor to clarify the procedure concrete and clear is terrible. Not that we were told something else every 15 minutes, no, in between came the announcement that we could all use the afternoon bus although we booked for 7:30. That is a pure impertinence! After 2 hours delay, 2 bus changes and finally an additional hour delay on top of it, I'm just glad that I had great passengers who made the trip more enjoyable. And as if all that was not bad enough, is on the way back also without traffic jams and breakdown an hour late, where I ask myself, where did it come from? Apart from the fact that the bus had no ventilation and we are all gradually melted away in a stuffy heat. Not even the low price justifies these circumstances. You have really imensen Nacholbedarf, because you are not the only coach company!", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "We bought a ticket for the bus from Bremen to Hamburg at 17:50 today. At 17:40 o'clock we were at the specified ZOB stop number 11, as well as another 6 people. We waited a total of 1 hour for the bus in pouring rain !!! After consultation of another Flixbus driver we got after about 50 minutes! the info, the bus would have been there at 17:40 clock and just left earlier! That can not be true1.) There are several people who have been waiting since 17:30 clock on the bus.2.) We were Definitely at 17:40 clock there and have not seen a bus. He must then probably drove past. We did not know that the departure times after good. The offer to take the bus at 20:30 clock is just ridiculous and outrageous! Of course, as thinkers, we can team up and get a Metronome ticket to 5th!", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "Flixbus has now messed up two of my tickets, forcing me to buy new new tickets for later times at an additional cost. The drivers and staff are rude and inflexible. Good luck trying to reach someone via the customer service number. The only good thing I can say is that the buses are usually on time. Oh, but if you want to switch your ticket you'll probably find yourself spendn hours trying to reach someone on the phone or communicate with one of the staff members in person. It's better than walking, slightly.", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Unacceptable slow service. Enormous delays (2 hours) due to NO particular reasons. The drivers spent 30 minutes discussing with ineligible passengers who have NO tickets. Instead, I who have bought a ticket will be late for my onward trip from Venezia Mestre. Terrible!!!', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Flixbus line 632A 12 / 11-17 departure Kbh 17.15: We stayed at a rest area before the Lillebæltsbroen. When the driver closed the doors and started, he was told by a passenger that we were missing a person, a young girl. We were not yet on the highway. He chose to move on. Poor girl! And very uncomfortable for us passengers! It could have been one himself. The same driver had earlier, about 10 min. before Odense, held into the distress of the highway because he was going to pee. In addition, the speed of the road between Horsens and Silkeborg was 100 km / h. However, when we mentioned this, it was lowered to 90 ...', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': '13nov17- Hannover to Hamburg - 20:00hsUntil todays trip I concidered myself a regular Flixbus customer...but not anymore after both controller and driver unfriendly  and laughingly refused me taking inside one of my 2 bags! It was a small flat box with a fragile Villwroy&Bosch Christmas toy which I bought at Karstadt today and which I intended to put in a compartment over my head where there was plenty of space...Nevertheless, and even after offering to pay extra money for ir, I was blintly refused this possibility and obliged to put it under the bus with normal luggage! I feel mistreated and very upset and decided not to use Flixbus monopolic services anymore from now on...Shame...', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "use the service if there's no other option. the drivers make unscheduled stops whenever and however long they want. doesn't really care about customers/travellers.", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Last weekend we traveled to LUND in Sweden on Saturday and in the evening we had to go back to Copenhagen. On my way home my wife had to use the toilet. and we asked if she just had to use the toilet. Because it was locked. They shouted loudly and angry: No No I checked all the way for Wi-Fi. There was no internet connection. The shuttle bus is free. Operation equals Zero.It is my experience.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Cph to Hamburg with Flixbus lasted 40 mins more than planned, due to change of drivers and gas filling halfway!. And the drivers do not inform passengers in English, only German. Not acceptable!', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "I was going to Odense S to Copenhagen on November 10th. 14.40. The bus will be delayed without notice. During the next hour I call three times for customer service, and last time I'm told that my ticket has been purchased, but I have not had any space on some of the buses. I end up getting a new ticket at 16.30, BUT, not only is the new ticket more expensive, while receiving a voucher from my previous ticket minus 10 kroner in cancellation fee. I travel between Kbh and Odense several times a month, both with black ticket and flixbus, so I'm used to a bit of each, but I've never experienced anything like that! Terrible company and confined to useless customer service.", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "Bus arrived 90 minutes late at departure point in De Panne (Belgium) and had almost 1hour 40 minutes delay at arrival in London. On calling customer service in Germany they categorically refused to make any reimbursement for my missed connection nor did they offer any other alternative (as they are required as is stated in their own passenger rights disclaimer) so effectively I'm stranded in London and required to arrange and pay all costs my self.", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "More and more this is happening and it's unacceptable. Due to their own inability of being punctual (no particular traffic on the road), the drivers stop 45 minutes for their break before arriving to destination, making a 4 hours long travel last one hour more.Advice: use flixbus JUST when absolutely needed, otherwise rely on other means.", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "100% of the time it's late.. At least 30mins up to a few hours. Stated times online always underestimated.. beware.", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "Absolutely horrendous.This was my first time on flixbus, I live in Siena and my girlfriend lives in Frankfurt, it's been a long time since I've seen her. I booked the bus from Siena to Frankfurt, with a change in Bologna. The bus to bologna was adequate, save for a really very long stop in a petrol station (40 minutes +). Changed in Bologna for Frankfurt, everything was well enough until we reached the German borders with Austria, in a city called Lindau. German police came up to what I thought was a conventional security check, only to remain stopped for more than an hour. At this point everyone was wondering what was going on, and to our surprise, the police has discovered a luggage bag with 6 kg of Marijuana. Police kept all bus passengers detained in the bus, with not even the possibility to go get some food. We were detained for more than 10 hours. We were very thoroughly searched and even took DNA tests for the police.Instead of reaching Frankfurt at 2pm that day, we arrived at 12am the next day.I emailed flixbus but received no answer. This could have easily been avoided if flixbus cared about the luggage it transports, instead of allowing anyone to put whatever they want in the luggage area.", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'This is a terrible service. My bus for which I paid 20 euros arrived 15 minutes early and left without me, even though FlixBus sent me two emails telling me that the bus would arrive 15 minutes late. The last email was sent 30 minutes before the bus’ departure. When I tried to receive a refund for the clear miscommunication on the part of the company (which they admitted), they refused to refund me or to give me a voucher. Absolutely unacceptable customer service and will not travel with them again.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'We were two Americans on vacation in France.  We decided to take a day trip from Paris to Rouen and booked with FlixBus.  Our return trip was supposed to depart from Rouen at 18:45, and arrive at Paris Ibis Clichy Batignolles station at 20:35.Our hotel was near Paris Ibis Clichy Batignolles station and we had planned to return to the hotel in the evening to attend a prepaid event.The bus showed up at Rouen at 18:45.  After the driver scanned our ticket, we boarded and just waited on the bus for a long time, while the driver stayed in his seat, listened to his music, and browsed on his mobile phone.  The bus did not depart Rouen until 19:25.We arrived in Paris around 21:10.  A few minutes after stepping off the bus, we realized that we WERE NOT in our destination stop, we were instead in Paris Bercy station, at the other side of Paris, a long way from Paris Ibis Clichy Batignolles.We went back to the driver to find out why he didn\'t stop at Paris Ibis Clichy Batignolle before Paris Bercy. He told us to get help from the service girl in green shirt on the platform, some distance away.  By the time we chased down this service girl, she wanted to talk to the driver.  The driver was gone by this time.  The service girl told us to go to the station\'s FlixBus customer service office.At the customer service office, the representative told us we should take the metro to get back to our hotel.  She did not offer us any money, but told us we should write to Flixbus to demand compensation.  The entire process was tedious and time consuming.It was a long and tiring metro ride, with complicated transfers and long walks in the rain, from Paris Bercy backed to our hotel.  We arrived at the hotel at 22:45, exhausted.  We missed our evening event.We wrote to the email address, as suggested by the customer representative .  After many days, Flixbus replied, asking us to fill out the request online.  More days passed, then we had a Flixbus reply that basically said "sorry it did not work out for you" but offered no compensation.We are very disappointed in our experience with FlixBus.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'The bus arrived more than 1 hour late causing me to miss a train connection at the arrival destination. When the bus arrived, I asked the driver if I can still make it in time for the train and he said yes. Thus, I boarded the bus. However, it did not reach in time causing me to miss my train.I called the customer service operator and she said I can send an email to obtain a refund for the missed train connection. But I emailed flixbus and have not been able to get any refund. They deny all responsibility even though my missed connection was caused by the late bus. It also took ages for them to respond to my email and required me to send constant reminders to chase for response. Very poor experience.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "I've driven with them once, where the driver drove all too wild. Worse are their marketing methods that are extremely childish. They downgrade blackbill and greenwasher themselves. If you really got into the environment and no more sales, you should just be grateful that the Danes have more options for taking the bus and not the car. But it may be hard to explain your board and branding manager with the mental age of 6 years.", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "Traveled with 4 children from Copenhagen airport to Aarhus. It soon went wrong - there were in no way seats for half of those who had a ticket. We came along but the rest of the trip was leaving people at all stops. The driver complained and did what he could but ended up getting us so late to Aarhus we could not reach a further bus. Flixbus has, in response to a fairly deliberate complaint, simply answered that they would like to do better next time but accidentally happens. There was neither bad weather nor traffic. What's annoying that it's no longer 888 abildschou who is driving the route. I do not repeat that experience and can only dislike the purchase of tickets at Flixbus", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'My Jorney with FlixBus was absolutely terrible, London Victoria to Antwerpen. The coach was small, no toilet, and only 7 power outlets for the whole coach and no adequate air conditioning. We left half an hour late. Driver was very rude and obnoxious and was very close to getting into a physical fight with another passenger which another passenger and I had to stop. When we arrived at the EuroTunnel passport control the driver refused to let anyone back onto the coach, when we headed for the departure gates we found out that the driver had left two passengers back at the concourse which could have been averted if he had just done a head count, so we had to drive all the way back delaying us even further, even the EuroTunnel staff member said "it\'s always FlixBus that forgets passengers." I found this statement quite shocking as you don\'t know weather those passengers may have a medical condition etc. I\'ve made this journey twice before with MegaBus and the service was fantastic but they\'ve unfortunately sold this route to FlixBus. In my first experience of using FlixBus, I\'d have to say I\'d not dare anyone to use this service or maybe not on this particular route. Never again. Please hand it back over to MegaBus', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'I was charged for a ticket which was never issued !!!!!I went through all the procedure, my amex card was charged with the exact amount, however I never got back an e-mail with the ticket number.I have sent an e-mail with complain since a week ago, still no answer.I had to issue a new ticket  with the same card and finally I got a successful e-mail with my booking number 8050370198The return trip from Vienna to Bratislava on the 19/10 supposed to start at 19.30 from Vienna. The bus arrived half an hour later and we had to wait another 30 minutes for the passengers of the next route which was starting at 20,30', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'The wheel fell off in the last half of the Great Belt Bridge so we were delayed for almost 1½ hours and had to change the bus. Never travel with them again. They did not even offer any real form of compensation in addition to a voucher but when one obviously controls the maintenance that the wheels fall off, I do not want to travel with them again. Are there any brakes next time?', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "Worst customer service I've ever had.They canceled my trip that was around midnight, only emailed me about it at 10pm, sent me the wrong booking numbers (twice) for my new trip, and ended up realizing that the original trip that was canceled actually wasn't canceled! The thing is, I only found about this last point while on the bus and the bus drivers themselves didn't even know about it. I had a Transatlantic flight to catch the next day so this stuff gave me a surreal amount of stress, so soon before the flight. Because I was scared of missing my flight, I booked a train ticket from Bremen (this is where the Flixbus app said we were going to have a stop) for 70 euros, but we ended up not even stopping in Bremen! So I wasted 70euros because Flixbus couldn't get their facts straight.When I contacted their customer service by phone, they said that I would receive a refund for my trip. However, when I filled in the online form, they told me that since the bus trip had reached its final destination, they could not give me a refund (for both the bus ride and the emergency train ticket I booked). I sent them a few emails and they did not reply. This is the most absurd customer service experience I've ever had and I recommend never using Flixbus ever.", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "I've been waiting for 55 minutes on Flixbus to arrive. I'm still waiting. We have not received any notice of delay - when I called their support there was one who spoke very unclear and would like to close the conversation quickly. He said the bus would be delayed for 10-15 minutes, but it has been 30 minutes less than 15 minutes and we still have no message or explanation. VERY bad experience.", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'The bus left earlier than scheduled. We arrived 8 minutes before departure and the bus was no where to be seen. They should have left on time! We contacted them but no answered whatsoever. We were stranded at the airport looking for away to our destination. We wasted out time and money.  Very bad service.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "I hope they soon disappear from the circulation. I did not travel so bad even in Mexico with goats and hens. I took a bus from France to Holland. Apart from the old bus with the background seats that after two minutes has broken back, air conditioning not going (the bus was full, mostly hungry deaths that smelt more than Mexican goats and you will understand without airing ...), there are no electrical outlets and Wi-Fi does not work. But the beautiful one arrives when the first bus I download for a change in a car park on the outskirts of Bonn at 5 am, not a shed, a bench, a bar within 5 miles, nothing. They are only with heavy luggage, it's cold, here it rains, I take refuge in a construction site where there is a caterpillar that repairs me a bit from the frozen wind. After a while came drunk immigrants, I'm just a happy moment ... I look like two hours so obviously hurt me. The second bus never arrives, it is late. What to say? Humiliating and offensive experience in addition to theft. Low-cost? Noooo, very high indeed !!", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Totally j **** incredibly bad. Feces on the floor, no wifi, no toilet that works. Have bused in the jungle of Asia who had better service. Have written to customer service but have not received an answer.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Do not use Flixibus if you are not 100% familiar with the route, and where you will be dropped off. I used the service to get from Vienna to Bratislava. I kept on asking the driver, where will you drop me off, will there be a connection to the downtown area. He was the rudest, most belligerent person I have ever met. I must also add, I was traveling with my 85 year old mother who was walking well for her age but obviously could not run a marathon. I did not hav an option, boarded the bus with my mother, and was virtually kicked out of the bus somewhere in the outskirts of Bratislava with no knowledge on how to get to our hotel. By sheer luck, I decided to board a bus did not know how to pay for the fares but at that moment I did not care, which got us into the downtown area where we did find a cab. Cab driver was just as rude, but we did manage to get to our hotel. What is wrong with people who are working in the service business and are so rude? Do they not need our business?Again, do not use Flexibus if you are not familiar with the drop off area. You will not receive any help to get you to your destination.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Buses are old no tv usb port mobile phone chargıng units no seat numbers People are sitting seperately if you have someone with you and it is your luck if you can sit together noone speaks english driver stopped at fuel station  at total but talked şn French  only we had no ıdea how much time we have it is 10 hour travel but no food drınk coffee etc served free or not no chance for you to drınk anything only the water !!toilets are not good clean flixbus should visit turkey and see how. Bus companies serve well !!', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'No working toilets on board, no power for chargers and more than 2 hours delay!!!! Awful trip!', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'They are as serious as clowns. No organization at all.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'My experience with Flixbus is a case of serious insensitivity and theft of my checked in Bag.Flixbus driver are so ill mannered and your checked in bag with them is at your own risk,you have to make sure you keep getting down at every of their stop to make sure your bags are not stolen even if it is an overnight trip.I boarded a Flixbus from Duisburg to Paris scheduled for 21.45pm on the 21st of September 2017 to arrive Paris the next morning,I checked in two bags after paying for an extra bag which was confirmed by the driver ,the bus in the course of the trip made some multiple stops with passengers getting down in some of the stops,I never bother to come down to check my bag because I was thinking it is their responsibility to secure our respective checked in bags since every passenger had their tags,on getting to Paris in the morning,I discovered that one my two checked in bag has been stolen .I ran to complain to the driver but unfortunately he was very rude and uncooperative,he told me rudely to contact flixbus.I later got in touch with flixbus through instant message on Facebook,they asked me to give them 2 weeks to solve whatever might be the problem.It is almost a month now and nothing have been done.All they did was to send a message that they can not see the bag.The items inside the bag is over 5000 euros.I will never recommend flixbus to anymore and people should use my case as an example.You might end up losing something more valuable.My booking number is 8048149822', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'I am extremely disappointed about the service of this company. I have been waiting for their response for three months after I sent out the inquiry of ticket refund.My bf and I bought Flixbus ticket from Murter to Zagreb to catch the other Flixbus from Zagreb to Prague. The Croatian driver asked us to put our backpacks down to the bus storage and charged us 7 kuna of each bag, which never happened to us before. What is more, the bus was delayed 40 min so we couldn’t catch the bus back to Prague anymore. End up we could only bought the ticket from Zagreb to Vienna, Vienna to Prague, and we finally arrive Prague at 4am, while I have a very important client to meet up in the morning.Firstly, I wish there is an answer for me: how could the Croatian driver charge my backpack? Does Flixbus company empower drivers around Europe to do so?Flixbus managed to reply after a month that the money will be returned, and that they state it in their AGB, but still 2 motnhs more and nothing happened. I CAN ONLY DISCOURAGE POEPLE FROM USING THIS COMPANY who doesnt give a s.h.i.t about people.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Garbage. No one speaks English. There was no direction as to where the bus would stop. My girlfriend missed her bus because they gave no information about where it would be or which bus it was and they laughed when she asked for a refund..... Even though we arrived 10 minutes early..... Only option I had to get to Croatia and the toilet was out of order. 4 hours and 45 minutes without any use of a toilet. Are we supposed to pee in the corner if we need to use the bathroom?? I went to ask a question and the person working was taking a nap across the seats...... What kind of f*&$ing company is this?! This should not be the most known bus company in Europe because it gives the entire continent a horrible name, and just shows laziness in workers. Seriously, pick it the f$&k up........', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "KASS! NEVER NEVER HAVE THIS SKITENVENDER on a bus that never comes. No information, arrogant customer service, etc. Going to Malmö-Stockholm, right now the bus is 50min late. Do you read what others wrote maybe it's going to go to the train instead.", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'I would have a bus Sunday, October 15 at. 17:10. In short, the bus did not come when I called their Hotline: 32729386 and get out of Jonas from there, he could only say "The bus does not come, you can fill out a form on our website and get your money back, or choose to wait for a bus that should arrive at 19:45, then you can choose and take it. "And when he is referred to FLixbus\'s own guidelines, which is on the website with" In case of overbooking or if the carrier is reasonably priced expects a line ** departure to be canceled or delayed for more than 120 minutes, line passengers should immediately be offered the choice between switching the journey at no additional cost "he just answers," I do not know anything about it and I can not do anything for you "so we were 8 passengers there had to be another opportunity to move on.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "We bought two tickets for 28 euros from Frankfurt Airport to Mannheim. Overall, the bus did NOT appear and there were more people in our situation. In addition there was no information point or anyone to ask if it was a delay or a cancellation. We had to buy another two tickets because we had no other option. The tickets were for 20:40. Again no bus! Luckily I called the company I found out that a bus would pass at 12 o'clock at night that could pick us up. Although it still arrived at 12:30, 4 hours later than stipulated !! The funniest thing of all is that they say that as they finally took me to my destination they can not make me any refund and that the first bus left its destination at his hour, when we were there himself from half an hour before his departure time. I will never travel with this company again. UN TIMO", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "Every time I have travelled from Berlin, I get very rude drivers who have zero understanding of customer service or even basic manners. Contacted customer support and complained, and they also got rude after I said I wanted to see some follow up on my complaint, to make sure it doesn't just get lost in some statistic.Unfortunately another Berlin startup with the usual attitude. No more.", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'I live in Germany, and often travel to other cities. As there are almost no bus companies other than Flixbus, I had to buy a ticket for the Flixbus bus. How many times I went, all the time some delays, or the bus arrives late, or you have to sit on the bus and wait. Last time I left Frankfurt at 20.30. SMS has come, that the bus is 2 hours late. As a result, he was 3 hours late, and we arrived in Cologne at 01.30. I did not have time for the last subway train, and I had to take a taxi, for which I paid more than for the Flixbus ticket itself. So, if you do not want to overpay, do not come close to this company', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Two trips I made in Germany, two that came with an hour late. A shame. And you have no right to claim anything unless it is 2 hours so you can see that they are comfortable leaving an hour and a half late because they know that no one is going to complain.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'The bus came at 20min delay after the departure time. Then one of the bus drivers started to drink a beer. The other driver was checking the reservations. After showing my reservation I was asked to open a passport. I told the driver that the last time no one asked me to open it. Then he told me that "I have a big mouth" and that I am not going with him. I tryed to enter the bus but the driver were beating  me and pushing out, straching my clothes and screaming on me.then he called the police. The police told him to ride and told me to relax and stay on the place. After half en hour speaking with the police the bus driver decided finally to drive. So instead of leaving at 23 :55 we left at 01:15. I was so stoked that I forgot to make a claim on the violence attitude of the driver during police were with the bus. I have seen same strange attitude of flexibus driver who the other day just kiked out a girl from the bus because her friend was late from the store. This time we were as well staying for a half en hour waiting for police to take out someone. It was my second ride with the flix bus and of course the last.it is really dangerous as you never know what can happen. You maybe kiked out of the bus and the driver may beat you.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Significantly inferior service than at Redbill on all fronts. Can recommend blackbillet.dk instead.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Flixbus does not live up to the acquired companies, redbillet or abildskou, compared to delays. Today, from Odense to Copenhagen and the bus, I should have been late for an hour because it came from Germany. Seeing it is cheaper for Flixbus to merge bus routes, but with the delays it becomes more expensive with all the passengers they lose.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'I was going by bus from Odense to Aarhus. The charter does not have my name on the list despite the fact that I can show a valid ticket. I do not get the bus. I call their customer service where I get to someone who can neither speak English nor Danish on an understandable level. I end up having to take the train. I am writing a complaint on mail with the desire to get my money back. On the mail they respond to the first message but completely ignore my other message.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'You get $ 100 return from KBH to Aabenraa: An unusable app that does not match the website (showing more flights on the website) is incredibly difficult to book and cancel. Only when I called for service twice succeeded. Unacceptable service impairment - no stop along the way for 1/2 hours longer travel time. I was referred by the driver to use the bus toilet. He regretted it a lot. It is not okay without a stop.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'i lost my bag and the treatment that i got from your all staff and also from buss driver was unfriendly.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Horrible experience with them,  travelling from London to Paris, not a single word in English, paid double the price my gf did while booking together and was even forced to spend 9 hours sitting next to a random person. You should let people chose their seats and not a person occupying 2 places by himself. If people are travelling together they would like to sit next to each other. We stoped at the border to check our passports with no information whatsoever with how long we were gonna stay there. Nobody else knew. Horrible experience overall and would not take it anymore nor reccomend it to anyone.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Today from Ljubljana to Zagreb 6pm(arrival 7.30) driver raised his hand to me when with my child. An examination. Please of the service Flixbus are apparently known for.  I for one will NEVER be travelling with flixbus EVER again. I am disgusted about the general service and know I will never suggest anyone even look at Flixbus as an option. The one terrible experience on an otherwise perfect day. Thanks for tarnishing my great trip with your miserable excuse for staff and no notification for significant delays.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "I was planning to take a bus for a weekend from Krakow to Vienna to visit a friend of mine. I found my bus 15 minutes ahead of time as instructed (despite the station not posting anywhere where it would be - this is likely the fault of the station and not the bus line, and does not factor into this review, though I was at the station an hour early and was just barely able to find the location in time because of this). I waited right outside the bus with my ticket and passport ready, waiting for the driver to start the boarding process, but this never happened - the bus just left with about 2 or 3 passengers who I would guess got there even earlier.I wasn't the only passenger who was left stranded at the station, there was another group who was supposed to get on the same bus and was left behind by this driver.In my experience, the bus driver should have been waiting outside the bus from at least twenty minutes before departure and not go back inside until the scheduled departure time. Every other bus I've taken from other companies followed this procedure, but I guess this driver didn't get the memo.", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'FLIXBUS the most unreliable bus company. DO NOT USE THEM. Booked a return journey from Geneva to Annecy in France October 2017. Bus on the outward leg did not arrive on time, waited for over 1/2 hour and it still had not arrived and was forced to buy another ticket from another bus company, did receive 2 emails from "John " the driver explaining that due to heavy traffic the bus would be approximately 90 minutes late, don\'t really understand that it didn\'t affect the other bus operators, contacted FlixBus re a refund but wouldn\'t you know no reply from them. Then on the return journey the bus did not arrive and again same email from "John " the driver stating the same message, very very poor service would advise anyone thinking of booking with them to find a more reliable and reputable company, I certainly would not be using them again.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'One hour and half delay without any information. Noone is able to answer for calling.Th worst company ever. If you will have some diferent choice take it.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Worst experiences. I paid $60 for 2 person, after waiting for about 2 hours with another 20+ passengers, one passengers whom can speak German called Flixbus Hotline, and was told the bus was already there earlier and left, everybody knew that was lie as some of us were there 3 hours earlier before departure, we checked every single buses 1-3 hours before departure, it not possible to missed.A lot of us got upset and decided to ask for a refund, we emailed to get a refund and only to get a reply a week later and was told 50% of the fare will be refunded in "Voucher"! First, why would I want to travel with this untrustworthy, unreliable company again? Second, the bus was not late, but NEVER COME, meaning we paid for the service and the service was NEVER delivered! We requested for FULL REFUND, and now still waiting for their reply.What happened to the rest of the money I paid? They just take it for granted, this is SCAM.I urged everyone write your experienced here to warn everyone.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'We paid for the tickets and the bus did not come. There were 20 other people in the same situation. We asked other flix-buses going to the same destination to take us but they refused. We called the hotline and they said the bus departed on time, which is not true because none of the 20 people saw the bus. I wrote to flixbus and they just sent a floppy email saying that "sorry you could not catch the bus" with a voucher for 50% of the price we paid. We lost one day of holiday and our money was not reimbursed. This company should not have licence to operate.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "Incredibly poor service! All drivers are very arrogant, indifferent and unhelpful. You do not get information about where one's bus stops, and you should not expect Flixbus staff to be helpful. They seem to be just annoyed every time a customer asks for help finding the right bus. In addition, the buses have been delayed each time. We ordered the tickets a long time ago, but in the future we will definitely choose alternative providers.", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "Bus arrival delays with incrementally extended boarding time at 15 mins blocks until it reaches 105min. This resulted in reaching destination over 2 hours late with no apparent cause of concern from the company. Customers are clearly not valued. Another trip saw my bus canceled without adequate notice. Customers were stranded and next best option offered doubled the journey time. It was seen as the customer's fault for not checking email while on the road. This company does not treat its customers fairly.", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Awful delays on Vienna - Zagreb and Zagreb - Vienna. Inexperienced (and probably underpaid) drivers who get lost on the way. Cheap tickets do not justify such poor service!! Would go with another bus company, if only Flixbus did not squeeze them all out of the market. Shameful!', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "It's impossible to get in touch with a human being in Denmark. When you call, you probably get a fairly Danish speaking person, but the service is at zero, you are simply referred to their website and you can not deliver one suitcase that has been wrong with home. It is very frustrating not to be able to contact an office in Denmark. It will be enough DSB or black ticket ahead", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Flixbus on my way. My daughter had a ticket from Odense to Copenhagen on Sunday, October 1, between 21:30 and 22:00 from Odense Syd. The bus arrived on time and my daughter walked in with good faith that time for departure from Odense and bus matched, and that was why it was the right bus. It turned out that the bus drove to the motorway exit as expected, but towards Århus instead of Copenhagen. No clear signs on the bus marked the destination, and the driver did not even know about the destination, or that two buses would depart in either direction at the same time from Odense, either on board or as a service announcement to anyone before departure. My daughter had to get off at Fredericia at Fredericia South, take a taxi to Fredericia St.. and solve a ticket with DSB to Copenhagen. The taxi driver in Fredericia informed her that it was not the first time he had experienced having to drive passengers from the drive to Fredericia St. because in good faith they had gone on Flixbus in the wrong direction. All in all, a great pleasure for my daughter to use Flixbus due to lack of regular service from Flixbus, who would not have cost Flixbus anything, but cost my daughter 10 times as much as the flixbus ticket.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Do not use Flixbus. We used it twice. Both times the bus came late and neither times we were informed about the delay. We tried calling their semi-existing customer service but could not reach anyone. I will never take it again and recommend you never use it for your trip. FlixBus Booking Confirmation #8044428713', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'My trip back and forth to Lübeck from Kbh 23 and 30 September were both delayed. On the way there we were delayed by over an hour and on our way home for an impressive 3 hours. We first told us about the card before our return, so we stood in the cold in Lübeck and waited for 3 hours without a message as to why we were so late. So we ended up coming home at 24 instead of 21. Miserable service, will never recommend or use flixbus again.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Let me tell you, the trip was a debacle. Our bus crashed into the back of a car on the autobahn, so we spent quite a while on the side of the highway whilst the cops came and sorted it out. During the entire crash process and aftermath, not a word was spoken to the passengers to tell us what was going on. The drivers completely ignored us and acted as though this was totally normal. As far as I know, the bus drivers didn\'t speak Danish, English, or German, I only ever heard them speak in another language that I didn\'t recognize.The driver seemed to want to compensate for the delay caused by the crash, by speeding to speeds that no bus should go, and overtaking everything in his path, which was pretty terrifying. I couldn\'t actually see the driver\'s speedo gauge to say for sure, but I could swear that we were driving over the legal speed limits at times, on parts of the trip with 100kmph limits.We nearly crashed at least two more times because our driver tried to just merge into the side of cars on the autobahn instead of waiting for a gap big enough for the bus. The bus had zero Wifi access, but at least the bus had plugs for charging. There was a toilet on board, but when I went to use it (about 3 hrs into a 12 hr ride) the floor was a pool of urine. I\'m not talking a little dribble here, I\'m talking a pool, where there was no dry space on the floor to step in order to avoid it. I\'m not sure if that was due to the toilet not being cleaned when it was meant to be, or if it was just due to the men on board not being able to aim properly. Either way, getting wee all over my shoes wasn\'t terribly fun.I honestly thought that I might die on that bus ride due to the maniacal driving, which isn\'t really what you want your customer\'s experience to be, and you certainly wouldn\'t want them spreading that to others via word of mouth."Oh mate, how was your bus ride?" "I nearly died and now my shoes are covered in wees!"Two thumbs down, and safe to say that I cancelled my return trip. What do we say to the god of death? Not today, Flixbus.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Horrible experience from Munich to Zagreb. Drivers refused to help older people with their luggage - they HAD to  do it by themselves. The storage was extremely high so it was very difficult for older people to do it.The WC was closed, so we had to stop many times..... It was like ...."this is my bus so I can do as I please."What kind of people are you employing? Looking for the ruddest ones? Not a good experience, and for me THE LAST TIME WITH YOUR COMPANY!', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Travelling from Dresden to Berlin, today. I have just got on the bus, and it is not going to set off for another 45 minutes! I am meant to have been travelling for the past half an hour. As such the delay is at least 1h 15m, and I am not massively hopeful that the 45 minute estimate is going to hold either. I arrived 15 min before the departure time as requested by Flixbus, in this period two flixbuses to Berlin have set off which had empty seats. The staff at the stop were not helpful as they continuously said just to wait, and then even refused to tell what time the bus will arrive in Berlin. There was no apology or explanation. I have a business meeting at 4.30 in Berlin, which I am now going to miss. I had a choice between travelling by car using blablacar or by flixbus.The price was identical. I thought travelling with a proper company would be a better option. I obviously made a wrong choice.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'I took the Bus N71 from Brussels to Münster which was supposed to arrive in Brussels at 1:35 in the morning. I had already gotten a message in the evening that the bus would be 2 hours late. But during the night messages kept coming saying the bus has more delays, finally adding up to more than 6 hours!! Once the bus fell ballt arrived in Brussels the drivers were extremely rude and kept cussing in polish at passengers. Obviously people were mad for having to wait for 6 hours in the next geht outside in the cold, and the drivers answered to complain to flixbus but that nobody there cared anyways about complaints. Super unnecessary reaction to being 6 hours late. And when asked why they were late they ignored us, but the flixbus employee st the station said it was a flat tire apparently. Somebody explain to me how changing a tire takes 6 hours?', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': '3 trips, 3 poor experiences: - twice buses were 1-2 hours late (and badly signed when they did arrive);- my third experience was a trip booked two weeks ago for today, which flixbus cancelled less than 24 hours before the trip, I suspect as they didn\'t have enough bookings to make it profitable. They "re-routed" me on a bus which took an extra 5 hours and left 3 hours earlier - which I had no way of making. When I called, they said they could only offer a voucher!! It was flixbus who failed to provide the item, this should be an automatic refund, not a voucher!! It cost me 3 times as much to make the journey by rail and involved 6 trains.In short, the app\'s good but that\'s it - I will NEVER use them again, it\'s just too unreliable.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'A couple of days ago I was helping my cousin to get into the bus to Germany at the Victoria Coach station. She had her leg injured and bandaged. The downstairs area was empty except two girls sitting there. The driver said to my cousin: "upstairs". When she tried to explain about the leg and asked if she could sit downstairs, the driver got mad, shouted: "up or out", jumped out of the bus, pushed me (I tried to record his behaviour on my phone) and shouted to the other driver: "throw her luggage out". He yelled to her: "you are not going by this bus", when she questioned why, he answered: "because this is my bus". He pushed me again as I was trying to record, I called the police as this was clearly assault but before police arrived, my cousin\'s luggage was thrown out of the bus and the bus left to Germany. My cousin was left with the valid ticket, crying, vulnerable, in a terrible state. We both complained to the company, a lady called "Silke from Flixbus" answered that she can not talk to me because I am not their passenger and to my cousin that she should ask the passengers to switch seats (she ignored the fact that my cousin was not even allowed into the bus because she dared to ask if she can sit downstairs). So, the customer service does not work either. I also raised the issue of safety - one of the drivers looked like he was on something!!!. The only hope is the police who is investigating the assault and the media - my cousin is going to inform the media in Germany. Very scary experience!!! Very shocking response from their customer service!!!', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "I missed my bus and lost 10 euros even although I was on time. I payed for another ticket and the bus was delayed by 45 minutes and the bus didn't have a sign therefore I had to ask about it. The ticket man was very annoying.", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Had ordered a Flixbus to Berlin from Prague, departing at 01:00 at night. Ten minutes before departure, I received an SMS stating that the bus was delayed for one and a half hours. How such information first comes to the 20+ passengers who had to leave, it is difficult to answer - one could wish for the bus company to have taken more care of the passengers who should now stand and wait another half hour in the middle of the night in the cold, but apparently not the case. Customer service was also unavailable - even after sitting in line on the phone for over half an hour, which also seems unbelievable, given that it was in the middle of the night. Also, no SMS was sent, as it turned out that the bus was delayed for another hour, thus ending with a total of two and a half hours. Incredible enterprise. Had to keep my future hopes of coming to Copenhagen fairly cheap when I heard that they took over bus companies in Denmark because I could never ever try to put my money back into this company.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Excellent buses, clean and punctual. We had not good experience diue to unprofessional behaviour from driver otherwise it could have been just a perfect travel. Management should place a suggestion and compliant box in the bus which can only be open by someone other than driver or bus crew.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'My bus for the connection Prague-Liberec did not show up at all. After waiting for an hour I decided to take a different bus with a competitor. Later that day I contacted their customer service site and just received their response with a link to the most frequently asked questions. Seriously? Seriously, my request to the customer service was a refund of my money after their failure to fulfill a contract to deliver a service. I have completed several trips with this company and my biggest issue is that their busses are often late, sometimes very late, even several hours. My second issue is that the customer serivice is non-existent. I am done with this company.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Never have I experienced such poor service. Will recommend Sortbillet.dk every time (and more drivers will also like that too)', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "Worst bus back from Amsterdam to London, driver apologised as we watched others boarding luxury coaches.Had to wait HOURS at customs and kept getting told we might miss train to uk and have extra 2.5 hours added - we managed because someone got left in customs. Got from A to B but find another provider, if too many people book they just hire really poor coaches for horrible uncomfortable overnight trips.Also complained and got blandest email back saying 'Sorry to hear that we did not reach your expectations regarding your last trip with FlixBus. Therefore, please, do accept our apologies.'Refund me that leg of the journey! Really poor.", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "Terrible lost baggage policies!! The bus left with my baggage still on board, so I was really in big trouble. First of all, there was no local Flixbus customer service in London. I had to call a German telephone number from the UK. On the phone, I was told to fill in an online form that would be replied within... 30 days!!!! Can you believe it? This was a very URGENT matter.  I was told the bus was still in London, so it could have been perfectly possible for me to pick up my baggage. Nevertheless, nobody wanted to give the phone number of the bus driver. Even when I asked that the bus driver would leave my baggage in the 'lost and found' department in London, the customer service told me that that would not be possible. Instead, they let me know that my baggage would travel to... Germany!!! I did not travel to or from Germany. When I called again, I said that I would hold Flixbus responsible if my baggage would get lost or stolen. In response, the customer service just hung up the phone!! Unbelievable. Until today, I still did not receive any message from them...", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "I had a very bad experience traveling from Copenhagen to Aarhus. The seats are horrible, and there is so little space around you, it's awful! When i tried to stand up for a moment, the driver called on the com, that I was not allowed to stand and had to sit down again.I would really not want to take a bus-ride like this for a long distance travel.", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "We got 40 minutes late. So you can not recommend signing in with such an unprofessional company. Stay away, it's just before considering DSB.", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Very bad experience with Flixbus. Impossible to bring a snowboard as a check-in luggage in the bus. Information impossible to get on their website. One has to call their call center 24h before departure to know this. It took 6 months to be partially refunded. I will never take this company again.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "The first and last time I use your service. My destination was from Frankfurt to Heidelberg. First the bus arrived after 35 minutes late to take us. But the most shocking that when returning to Frankfurt the bus was delayed by more than 2 hours. When a bus from Berlin arrived he informed us that we still have to wait. And since it's cold I decided to take the train back.I sent an email for customer service in which I asked to recover my money because of this bad service. But he replied that the bus was on time and there is no delay, although I received a text message from them informing me that the bus will be delayed by one hour and 20 minutes.Svp be honest even with your customers and the least thing is to give at least an excuse.", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Suddenly they changed the rules and now the instruments are not allowed up in the bus. I travel so many times with my instrument and was never a problem...And I am talking about a violin which is allowed IN the plane for example, as a hand luggage. Also to be able to leave it in the luggage room I had to pay an extra tax... what if something happens and my instrument is broken? We are talking about thousands of euro. Bad experience. Never again.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'The bus driver did not pick me up on 16.09 at 9:10 from Roermond. After 2 h arguing via phone I got my trip rebooked to 7 pm ( instead of 9 am!!). as a result i arrived with 12 h delay at night in a city where i v never been  and i missed all arrangements for the day.But the best part was the communication with the call center. first they told me that the bus comes in 10 minutes, it s probably late,  but there is something strange with it and  i have to call back if it does not arrive in 10 min. after 15 min i called again and i was told that  the bus completely disappeared from the system and  they need to call central service to ask whats wrong with it and they will call me back. no call of course.i call again and the story repeats.i haven t received any call back twice!! sorry but this is just aweful cheating.i could have booked another trip in the meanwhile instead of standing 2 h waiting for something that will never happen.why dont you just tell the truth??? that the stupid driver just decided not to make an extra effort picking up one person ?? or he decided to cover his delay buy skipping some stops?? and dont tell me that i was late or i was standing at a wrong stop..sorry i don t buy this bullshitt.i called 9:12 because i havent seen any bus in last 15 min and it was 2 min overtime already.i also confirmed that there is only one stop and i m standing in a right place.all my four calls should be recorded.dear flix bus workers you are doing your job really bad.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Firstly, Flixbus has very high ambitions, but very poor services. When you buy tickets, you are not asigned a seat number, which means that if you are traveling with somebody, you will most probably sit separately. Maybe you will not be seated at all, because they sometimes sell more tickets than the seats available in the bus- it happened yesterday in Vienna. Staff is unfriendly, swearing at people, they do not speak english most of the time. When we were traveling to Croatia, we had to pass borders with Slovenia. The problem was, there were two guys, that were most probably refugees without traveling documents- they let them in the bus anyway. So we were waiting for hours on borders because of them. We almost didn´t make it on time for our next bus. Wi-Fi on the bus is another big scam, because you can´t do anything with it, most pages are blocked. I will not even talk about delays, it is catastrophic. I traveled with Flixbus few times, but I will not travel with them again, unles they improve their services significantly.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "I have to communicate the situation of 20 people yesterday.The bus ( from Munich to Frankfurt) was very late and people at information' s office (there was a man at 9 o'clock) of MUNICH CENTRAL STATION in the busfloor were very rude with us and unhelpful for us. We lost the bus because the instructions were erroneous and buserdrivers very rude too. We were 10 hours waiting the next bus. VERY UNHAPPY.You should consider our bad experience with the rude personal. I think that we won't repeat more with the Flixbus' company.", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'It is then a world unlike Redbillet to drive with Flixbus. I have been driving Flixbus a couple of times and each time with delay. When I went on Friday with Flixbus from Copenhagen to Randers, the trip was scheduled to last 4 hours and 55 minutes. Red car took normally 5 hours. Flixbus drove from DGI city on time, but before all passengers in Copenhagen had picked up, the bus was delayed and when we reached Frederica the bus was delayed 50 minutes. There were 3 driver changes before reaching Randers, which also did not reduce travel time. Drivers who felt the pressure of the delay and more traffic accidents on the highway drove a bit and forced to detract to avoid traffic jams. It did not seem as well thought out as one of the drivers suddenly turned out at high speed. A little uncomfortable. The journey from Copenhagen to Randers came to last 6 hours and 10 minutes. A journey where, as with Redbillet, there is no one-stop break where passengers had the opportunity to stretch their legs and get to the toilet. Why can not this be the case with Flixbus? Ok, you can use the toilet in the bus, but here is a bad room, there was no toilet paper, no soap and only the same towel everyone could use. When we reached Randers we were unable to drive to the destination of the bus because of cycling but was put in another place in the city. This was not reported on the bus, so only those who were asked to ask the driver knew about this outlet. It caused a little confusion and I had to take what I did not take into my calculation. I also experienced when, before my trip, I would change my ticket that it should first be canceled, which cost a fee of 10 kr. You have to think before purchasing a ticket with Flixbus. It can quickly become expensive if you want to make changes. At the same time you should have good time, great patience and not have too many appointments the same day. There is a difference between the quality and service of Redbillet and Flixbus, and I can not recommend the bus. Do not hope they survive, unless they are willing to change their concept.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "Hi everyone. I just want to let people know the way Flixbus is serving it's customers.I bought my ticket from Lviv to Berlin around 1,5 months before my trip, everything was planned.Then 4 days before departure FlixBus said my ticket is cancelled (!) and booked me a similar one, but 14 hours later and with much longer route (!)I had to deal with that... But I couldn't even think that they gonna cancel the new ticket as well (!) TREE HOURS before departure (!) Then FlixBus rebooked me for next day and cancelled again! (!) Of course I stopped trusting them and went on my trip with another companyBut then they were still rebooking me something even after I cancelled my ticket!And on the top of this story comes the fact, that my kind-of-voucher is gone somewhere... (!)And now - 7 days of silence since I've wrote them my first complaining. No trip, no money, no voucher. Only headache, being late and paying big price for my ticket by another company, cause I was buying it right before departure!Whom do you take your customers for???#flixbus", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'I have given this company a chance couple of times. And I must say I have always been disappointed. If you can afford alternatives, consider something else.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Ridiculous customer service. Bus in Prague left our family behind as they were waiting at wrong spot: nothing provided in tickets. 4 calls to call center in Berlin and 4 different feedbacks. Finally I have booked 2 new tickets for the next day for CZK 1199 and CZK 999. Flixbus refused to return money. NEVER AGAIN with Flixbus!', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "Flixbus is a scarce service, of course. However, the low price does not justify the constant humiliation that customers must undergo each deal. It's not always possible to hope for the good thing to have what the service promises to offer: punctuality (the last flix I took from brussels to paris was an hour and 15 late!), Wifi, took. All these services are not guaranteed, albeit reported at the time of purchase of the ticket. Offering a low cost service and most of the routes do not authorize you to treat the customer, which should be the core, as a piece of the seat. Even low cost requires respect!", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'My boyfriend and I have been waiting for more than 2 months to get our money. How did that happen? We were happy back in February, booked four tickets at Abildskou from Aarhus to Hamburg for our vacation in July. During the spring, Flixbus Abildskou will take over. There is nothing in the way of it. Until ... My girlfriend is a little worried about the days up to the holiday because of the great holiday traffic in Germany so she persuades me to call Flixbus to hear their opinion about the traffic conditions - after all, they must have the experience and know if we can expect to be delayed when we are going to fly on a flight from Hamburg. I get their "customer service" and give us our booking number, which they say "that number does not exist". But, I say, I\'m sitting and reading high directly from the mail I received with the following booking number ... "It does not matter because our booking numbers start with 81XXX" and if I\'m reading right ?? Okay, lady, listen right here. I have received an email and it is quite clear that the booking number is YYY. "Nayyyyhhh, that\'s probably because, Abildskou used numbers other than us. Let me just look up ... "Hmmm. Thus, after 7-8 minutes of conversation, we arrive at the fact that we have probably booked a trip for 4 people from Aarhus to Hamburg on 8 July. Then the bomb bursts. The very insistent service team, who will be right, tells me that they are not driving to Hamburg on the day we have booked tickets. What ?! I ask why they have not contacted us and informed us this? They can not just cancel a trip without giving notice, to which I am told that "I could only have called and asked!" Sorry, what please? !! From there, it only goes down the hill ... After gaining all my willpower for not responding again to the inconvenience, I try to get the person who should service, to suggest alternatives and hear about solutions - we must place in 1 day and have to fly ... However, there is no help getting over the next 20 minutes in the phone. We are informed that we can return our money, but must apply for it on their website (we have cancellation insurance) - as the service person will not send us a link. We must try to find ourselves. The day ends with the fact that we send a money-back application to Flixbus, booked DSB tickets to Hamburg, go on holiday and forget about Flixbus for a couple of weeks. But ... Back in Denmark while enjoying the holiday memories, it comes to us that we have certainly not received our money from Flixbus. We therefore contact them on the phone. This is the second time we experience the most unnecessary service person we have ever experienced. The person "can" first finds no information on us and he has never heard that you can get money back. However, after patiently explaining to him all of our history, he finds out for a long time (one block later) that our case is at their economics department. We ask if he would be kind to look at how far the matter is with them? But he can "really not help us," he is not employed in their finance department, right? We can call them and hear if we want to know more. "Ok. Can you give us the number to the finance department? "No, I have not. You can google if you want to talk to them. "Deep breathing ... We find (yourself!) An email to the finance department and write to them to hear what the status is. After a few mail correspondence back and forth, we are told that "Flixbus is happy to inform us that we can get a Voucher (proof of payment) that we need within a year in their buses." It was right here, I detonated the first time. We have bought a trip they can not deliver. They cancel and not inform us about it. Only by chance we find ourselves out of it. We are promised to get the money back from their "service employee". We have even bought cancellation insurance, so there should be nothing at all about ... My dear girlfriend, however, is able to keep me calm so that we are writing back to Flixbus that this is in no way satisfactory and explains the above. Then comes the next Slavic mail correspondence, where Flixbus returns to us by mail (like 1-2 weeks of response) to get more "information required" such as booking number, bank account, travel information, etc. Long after long, we receive the following "" We\'re now going to refund the amount of $ 1,119.15 within several working days. "" Several "will last, after one week we receive 887 kr. It\'s now a month ago! Where are the last 232 kr., We should have returned?!?! We have contacted again, but they "just regret the inconvenience" ... My advice is therefore - do not use Flixbus! They cheat and cheat until people give up. Ms. Peter', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Hello,I would like to inform you about some issues we had with Flixbus on 08 th and 9 thSeptember 2017. Our names are Claudio P. and Mariangela C.On 8 th September, we were standing at the Flixbus stop in Rotterdam (bookingno. 8.....9) when we received an email informing that the bus was 3 hourslate. We, like the other passengers waiting for the same bus, read this email only45 minutes later as we didn’t have internet access. Maybe through a textmessage would have been better. We then bought 2 train tickets for Eindhovenspending € 38 extra. Just so you know, we didn’t receive any kind of assistance,any emails offering a refund. According to your terms and conditions, we shouldbe entitled to be refunded in full.The following day at 9.35 we took the bus 080 riding from Eindhoven to London(return tickets 8....5) scheduled for 9.20 am. After 10 minutes, the buswas stopped for the driver changeover. The real problems begin from here. Afterleaving Eindhoven, the bus started to release a foul-smelling. Some passengerscomplained and the driver explained us his colleague didn’t empty the tank; wecouldn’t use the toilet for the entire journey. Ok, it’s a low- cost service, but atleast you can prevent your customers from getting sick.We were approaching Antwerp and the driver complained the GPS didn’t work.He didn’t know how to reach Antwerp bus station; the navigation system kept onleading him to the wrong direction. People tried to communicate with the driverbut he could speak only French. Just a quick remark, the GPS was setting toDutch Language and I have the doubt the driver couldn’t understand directions.Finally, a lady who had to be dropped off at Antwerp Bus Station, guided thedriver to destination. Some passenger became nervous, we were facing anaccumulated delay of about 2 hours; a man, who needed to reach Brugesshouted at the driver and the police was called. They spent at least 20 minutesto try to calm down the furious passenger.Same situation and same problems to reach Bruges and De Panne stations. Thedriver lost the control of situation. He was visible stressed and didn’t have a cluewhere he had to go. He committed some traffic and driving offences: he used hismobile phone to liaise with Flixbus Headquarter, he failed to stop at traffic lights,he ignored zebra crossings making things dangerous for pedestrians, he stoppedthe bus on the city tram tracks in De Panne... do I have to carry on? Somepassengers took him photos and videos.When we realised, he could speak a little Italian, I helped and guided him to theChannel Tunnel using my phone. By the time we arrived, the ferry we weresupposed to board had left, and we waited almost 2 hours to get the firstavailable. He was exhausted and slept a bit before boarding and continuing ourjourney but before, we had the chance to chat a little. He admitted he didn’tknow the route and he was replacing one of his colleagues. He said he is fromMarocco and has 14 years’ experience driving bus but he never faced a situationlike that. He gave me his mobile number.I had to guided him again to reach the final stop; we reach Victoria Coach Stationat 9.35 pm. The arrival was scheduled for 5.30 pm. We missed our flights toSpain and we had to stay in hotel for that night. Therefore, we ask to be refundedfor all the extra money we had to spend for your incompetence.All the receipts and tickets are enclosed to this letter.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "I have to help the driver to find the route.Bed experience.This company don't refund you if they are late or for other reason..I lost my fly", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Although it is cheaper to go with Flixbus than with other bus companies, service is important. Unauthorized driver who threatens bus passengers by putting on the seat belts in case of an accident happens "You must give your life but near your narrow bodies (pointing out a person) becomes heavy like elephants and mosses around then is the life of other people as get involved ". "Do not you believe me?" he says to this person, "check on youtube", my first experience with flixbus and it was not nice. Having no problems with drivers are straightforward and clear with rules but when they swear and are unpleasantly threatening, it affects the entire review. Will not choose the flix bus when I travel with luggage in worry that I can not bring along. Weared a backpack with computer and valuable things and outside a camera in a camera bag. But it would not follow if I could not get it in my backpack or if it did not go in my luggage which I think is not sure enough. When I had put it down in my backpack, he questioned the weight in the backpack, pointing out that it was seven kilos, and that it had to fit in the upper shelves and not under the seat. When I got into the bus I can count the bags on a hand lying on the shelves. The bus only has no passengers. Unnecessary aggressive treatment.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'WARNING!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! NEVER use Flixbus services; On 2 September 2017 at 1:05 pm I would go home by bus from Halmstad to Gbg (after coming by train from Kastrup). There were 2 chauvers and I asked one of them if it was possible to buy a ticket directly with him because I was having trouble charging their app. Just heard: "wait" in Swedish- think it was German speaking chauvers ... None of them understood English. Received no response or attention from any of them. The one ARROGAN TYPE pointed to his mobile and the other loaded luggage. When 4 passengers left, doors were closed just in front of my nose and the bus went off !!!! there I stood in the middle of the night and the central station was closed !!! Must say that at first I thought they were kidding o would brake but NO, that was true. The first train to Gbg arrived at 05:50 and I could go home. Suppose Flixbus is not allowed to travel in Sweden.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'No useful service and help by telephone inquiry or mail. Hard to understand each other in Danish on the phone. If you want to change something, cancel your ticket, pay a fee and you can not get your money back ?! Especially if you have ordered 17 teenagers plus 2 adults in one class as a teacher, you will receive a 17-student voucher with precise names and birthdays that you can not use when you do not come to Copenhagen anymore during school hours . For inquiries about getting money back, you will only receive a standard mail about where to buy additional tickets. The German online shop meets Danish consumers. They seem rude because they do not provide direct answers and help. Please use them, and if you want to redo, they will not refund the ticket.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "Always late! Even though they charge double the price if you are buying a ticket an hour before the ride, they of course don't return the money for beeing late, even when late more than an hour! Horrible service, unreliable, unfriendly, shameless.. Way to go! I am sure to spread the bad word about this company!", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'The worst experience, in my trip from Linzt to Prage on septwmber 4th 2017 at 08:20. Only because the driver the mlst unoolitw and rude person i have cross in Austria. He screamPassengers all the time. If it was my company i would not like that someone like this person works here, he made all the passengers feel really bad.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "Purchased ticket where payment did not go through technical reasons. The amount was reserved and I called Flixbus, which says I can expect to get the money back in after a week. Then I buy a new ticket and think everything is alright. The week goes by and I see the amount of the ticket I never got drawn! Contacted Flixbus via email and phone - no answer. Has advertised to the bank and had to block the card. Indeed, there is a suspicion that Flixbus is aware of not responding if you are to evaluate other reviews from Trustpilot. It's so bad business management that it's going to spit. He's been driving with Flixbus before and they're quite happy to travel, so there's nothing to fault there. But, it's a coward that they buy up all of the local and regional bus companies, so you get the same service, but risk getting money. Customer service via email is in English or German - already stinks! There will be a lot of time before I get pissed off, but so do not treat your customers. It is to steal from others!", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Unusual calls. Bus will be canceled 2 hours before departure. You can not get in touch with them and if you are lucky and will talk to someone, Germany, which means that you also pay extra telephone bills. Fy for the south, poor service. Never again.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'this company is to be avoided. A horrible experience. A service of incompetents!', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'NEVER USE THEM!! This is German Efficacy at its lowest point I have ever seen. The concept of customer services is not something that they understand very well. My bus never showed up at 3 AM in Bratislava. After 1 hour, I called them and they said to wait. I stood exactly at the platform they instructed me to find. By 5 AM it still never showed up and they had no idea where the driver was at the time. I then called  them for a refund and they told me to find the form online to get a refund. There are 12 different forms and none are title refund request.The automated response had nothing to do with my email and my refund request. I then called them to clarify and they said they have so MANY EMAILS that it can take up to 4 weeks to get a response. None of this departments speak to each other, so everyone is confused.I then told her that this was unbelievable. They made a mistake and then I have to wait 4 weeks for even a proper and contextual response. You won\'t believe this, but she said this is normal customer service procedures in Germany. That they have strict rules and that are very efficient. WOW! NEVER TAKE THIS COMPANY! They are basically Criminals, read their response below.This there response. KEEP in mind, I have NEVER Boarded the BUS! They aren\'t even reading anything. "If a departure is more than 120 minutes late from the scheduled departure time and a customer withdraws from the trip, a refund can be claimed. Once you decide to board the bus even after a delay and the transportation has taken place, i.e. the contract was fulfilled, refunding or compensation is not possible. That also goes for any delays that occur during your bus ride.We regret that we cannot meet your request in this case and hope for your understanding. We also hope to be able to convince you of the quality of our service in the near future again and to welcome you on board of one of our green buses soon."', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "Didn't even get to go on the f-ing bus! I was supposed to take the bus from London Victoria to Paris. The bus was delayed, there was no personnel in the station to help (from the company), the bus I was supposed to go was unmarked and there was no announcement of its arrival. At least now I know not to take this s--- service!", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'I was charged three times for the same journey. When I phone customer service they tell me they can do nothing about it and that I need to send an email. My emails have remained unanswered for over 2 weeks.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "Don't choose Flixbus!! More than two hours delay, and when the bus arrived in the station since it was looking totally different (no logo of flixbus different color and some other brand written on the bus, which of course was confusing, and there was no special stop in the station for flixbus, so it was difficult to know where they would park, no representative in the station to help, and at the last second when I realize that could be flixbus, I manage to catch the bus at the exit of the station but the drive simply ignored me and left, can you believe that, they keep people waiting for hours then they can't wait for one minute, and they don't care how difficult or troubling would be for passenger if they are left just like that, by the way most of their drivers are rude and disrespectful and not willing to help people, I advise you choose different company if you can", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "Like two months ago, yesterday I made the reservation on the flixbus site, the money was taken immediately from my card but the site left me waiting for an hour without giving me any confirmation or booking number , with this entry: Thank you for your order! We are waiting for a payment confirmation. This may take about 5 minutes. Please be patient and do not close or update your browser. My connection works perfectly and is fast. I wanted to restore confidence by making a reservation, thinking it was just a technical problem of the flixbus site of that day, but after two months the same thing happened the same thing. Clearly I do not have any booking numbers because the site did not have me given, even though I took the money right away. I'll never make a reservation with flixbus again.", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "Absolutely terrible treatment! We had ordered 2 tickets from Kastrup Airport to Aarhus, at 18:30. We are there at 6 pm at the bus stop we will be at. At 18:45 there is still no bus, so we'll ring in and hear where it gets, knowing it's not running yet and is late but is on its way. Okay, it may happen ... so 20 minutes later, we will call back to customer service as it has not yet appeared and is told that it has been run !!!! Since it is the last bus to know that we have to manage ourselves and find another way to Aarhus, and fill out some form on their website to get the money back ...! Awful customer service, I'm back on a bill of 1000 kr for train to Århus, 400 kr for a taxi home from the railway station when we arrive at Aarhus after the last bus has been driven + One day lost work profit because, due to Flixbus, I can not meet go to work tomorrow ...! So unless they can pay me 3000 kr for the loss I've suffered, I will never use them again in my life and I will never in my life recommend them to anyone I know ...! Really awful mover company !!!!!", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "As a musician flixbus is not an option. They only allow you to take instruments such as guitars, violins and violas in the luggage trunk. Instrument insurance policies do not cover this, and the risk of irrectifiable damage to your instrument is huge. Most musicians that were ever on tour know that violins fit in overhead compartments, between your legs or when there is space; on the floor of the seat next to you. Flixbus employees are many times fine to let you board with a violin. But sometimes there's that one employee that denies you boarding and refuses to let you show that it fits in the overhead. If you're on your way to something important that day they say no, you're screwed. Don't risk it, take the train or another company instead.", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "we booked a flixbus to go from brussels to rotterdam, it was already an hour late that expected, when we watch the driver pass by without stopping in the stop. We inmidiatly called flixbus costumer service and they didn't provide any solution but recognized it wasn't our fault but that we should complain online for a refund, now that we already complained by this media they are not recognizing their mistake. We not only lost money from the ticket, but a day of our trip and the hostel we had booked.", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "It was my first time in this part of Europe. Travelling from Slovenia. Transfer in Vienna. Continue to Budapest. To make an excruciatingly long story short. The drivers stopped in a different city in Austria.I showed the coach drivers my ticket; I asked 4 times if this was where I had to get off to transfer. One of them ACTUALY raised his shoulders to say he didn't know. So, one driver doesn't know that he is NOT in Vienna but in another city. The other driver said that we were in Vienna. Actually allowed to take my bags leaving me stranded to find my own way to Budapest. I expected the drivers to be able to guide me. I could  never reach Flixbus by phone. I received a rude reply via messenger but still a link to file a claim to which I receive irrelevant automatically generated messages. Highly disappointed. I am STILL trying to file this claim from Vienna to Budapest and to lodge a formal complaint against both drivers. Without a doubt. It is an inexpensive way to travel but I recommend it to those who know their way around/within the cities they will travel too.", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'So, I have been a loyal customer for the past weeks while traveling in Europe with Flixbus. Unfortunately, I have lived a very disappointing event and I would like to share it with you so you can take your mesures next time you think of traveling with this company.Last Wednesday, August 23rd 2017, I booked a trip from Brussels to Maastricht at 4:35pm (booking number: #8045960869). I have arrived at the train station in Brussels where the Flixbus buses park at 4:20pm. While waiting for the bus (and none of them had a sign with Maastricht or Kraków), I went and asked a man with the Flixbus uniform about the arrival of the train. He searched all of the buses in the terminal and asked one chauffeur about it and they both said it was late and on it\'s way (because at that time many of the buses were late because of traffic). So we stayed there and waited more. At that moment, the Flixbus agent was gone and no one was there to give assistance to all the people waiting for their late buses and we all found this very unsatisfying. Reaching 5pm, because no one was there to help us, I decided to call the customer service by phone and have more information about the late bus. The lady who spoke to me on the phone took my booking number and my personal information and told me the bus was still on it\'s way and it should take around 10 min for him to arrive. After 20 min, no sign of that bus. So I called again. Now, this agent on the phone told me that the bus was never late and it was there on time and left at 4:35pm. At that point, we were all shocked by this assistance from the agents on the phone and in place. Everyone said that the bus was on it\'s way and we could not know in any way that it was on time because the Flixbus agent on place went and searched and asked and said the bus is not here. I explained this situation to the lady on the phone and, after 20min of explaining our frustration from me and other passengers in the same situation, she offered me a 12euros voucher (code: CUS8PFACC\u200b given at 5:57pm) to use to buy another ticket for the next bus at 9:05pm. This was the minimum she could offer me, but because of the stress and tiredness I was living I accepted to be able to get to my destination. Now, I asked her to book the ticket for me because I had no computer with me and she said it was going to be 3euros more. At this point, the service was getting worst. I refused and went to book it on my phone. Because all this wasn\'t enough, the voucher was not applicable on the Flixbus application (there was no place where we could apply it) and while booking the tickets it charged me the full amount! I loved traveling with your company but this was too much for me. Now the voucher is expired and I lost money. I then sent a complain to their customer service and the answer was:" Dear FlixBus customer, Thank you for your message.We can assure you that our time schedules are planned with great care to transport our customers comfortably and on time.We regret that this did not work out this time.However at times delays are caused by events which we, despite greatest care and preparation, cannot influence.If a departure is more than 120 minutes late from the scheduled departure time and a customer withdraws from the trip, a refund can be claimed. Once you decide to board the bus even after a delay and the transportation has taken place, i.e. the contract was fulfilled, refunding or compensation is not possible. That also goes for any delays that occur during your bus ride.We regret that we cannot meet your request in this case and hope for your understanding. We also hope to be able to convince you of the quality of our service in the near future again and to welcome you on board of one of our green buses soon. Kind regards, "This is NO CUSTOMER SATISFACTION. They don\'t consider your situation and neither try to accommodate you. I understand that it is a low cost bus company but I believe customer support and satisfaction is the minimum they can offer.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Now I have traveled with Flixbus several times and the treatment received by the staff is completely unheard of. Just an innocent question can make them swallow up with nicknames and other superlatives. I urge anyone never to travel by flixbus as there are many other bus companies that are both cheaper and better. For example, black ticket. Surt returns from here. The message "Inappropriate language for writing on the page" Copenhagen.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "If I could give 0 stars I would. This is quite possibly the worst transportation service I have ever experienced. Twice in one day they were unapologetically late, the first trip by 30 minutes and the second by OVER AN HOUR. For the 2nd trip, we received a text message 30 min after our scheduled departure time saying that the bus would be arriving 50 min late.... No idea why they could not disclose this at the beginning, but you had 25 very angry people waiting on a polluted curb in a shady part of town with no news or way to contact the company. Turns out our trip had in fact been cancelled, because by the time they arrived it was the next scheduled time for the day. We tried calling the numbers listed on their website and Facebook page several times, but only got an automated recording in German, despite pressing the option for English. What's more, they say this number should be operated 24 hours so that is false advertising. I am completely appalled with this experience and their lack of care or attention when it came to a resolution. We had been traveling since 3am that morning and this experience most certainly put a damper on our short time in this German town.", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Travelled from Munich to Prague - 20 minutes late upon departure (even though the bus was starting in Munich). After about an hour, the driver drove off the highway and stopped at a rest-station where we were supposed to wait for 10 minutes for another driver (no idea why?), which turned out to be 25 minutes. Then the bus drove into a traffic jam that was reported on GoogleMaps by the time we departed (and of course there was a possibility to go around) -> another 45 minutes delay.Information about the delay was only in German, the driver did NOT (nor even tried to) speak English.No apology for the 90 minutes delay.Plus the great free internet on board means that you get 150MB of data for a 4.5 hours (that turned out to be 6 hours) trip and then they cut you off.Plus no seat reservation causes a herd of people trying to board as soon as possible, so that they could sit together. Several couples traveling with us actually had to sit apart for the 6 hour trip only because FlixBus does not support seat reservations.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Flixbus Always late 1,2,3 h or more !! we needed to be in Berlin central bus station at 18:00 ! Now its 19.20 and we maked 30 minutes break ! Its not normal ! How people can scedule the trip !??!', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "So, me and my boyfriend were supposed to go on a vacation to Biograd na moru. I was leaving from Beograd at 1.50am and he was departuring from Ljubljana at about 5am. We were supposed to meet in Zagreb at 7.10am and then wait for our bus to Biograd at 9.30am. His bus was 3h late so we didn't make it to our bus in time. While I understand Flixbus can't control the traffic I don't understand why noone was there to help me. I was alone in Zagreb for 3h running and asking around what we were supposed to do, while my boyfriend was still on the bus to Zagreb. First i went to the Flixbus ticket office where a lady didn't even try to help me and just told me she doesn't know and looked at me as waiting for me to leave. Then finally, I got some help from a guy who pointed me to the Flixbus office as if they can help me there. The Flixbus office was closed with no signs where anyone was and where i can find anyone that can help me. Next i went to the information point where again i was just kindly asked to leave because the information point here doesnt cooperate with the Flixbus company. Then naturally i got tired of running around with my huge backpack so i went back to the place where Flixbus sells their tickets where now the guy who has helped me before, was selling the tickets and I told him that there is noone around to help me and that i desperatly need help. He was then kind enough to give me the number of the Flixbus information point where I was just told that i have to rebuy the tickets and then got hung up because of bad cell connection. So I called again and i got a man on the phone, wich actually tried to help me, until i was put on hold. Forever. The guy just disappeared for about half an hour until my boyfriend finally came and i just hung up because there was noone on the phone anyways. We then got everything sorted out when we found the emplyee working at Flixbus with the green shirt and he was very kind and helped us rebook a new ticket, so everything was sorted out. Now, my vacation is over and i wan't to go home. And after alredy waiting 3h at the bus station, I get a message 3mins before the bus was supposed to be here that it is going to be late for 1h55mins. Now my problem with Flixbus now is:1st.: The organization. There is no organization what so ever. I dont understand why the people working at Flixbus aren't more connected. I dont understand how I, was left walking around the bus station for 3h asking for help and noone could call anyone and ask what was going on.2nd.: Timing. If you download the Flixbus app it strickly tells you, you have to be at the bus station on time, or actually even 20min before the bus arrives. So what I expect from them that if the bus is going to be late, it is not said 3mins before the bus was supposed to be here, but at least 20mins before. So my experience with the Flixbus was that eventhough the bus itself is ok and has all the things it offeres, the buses are late and noone really helps you unless you're lucky enough to spot on of the employees in the green shirts.", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'I would advise you to never use this company. We booked a bus with them earlier this month between Lyon and Geneva for a day trip leaving at 08.00 and returning at 14.40 in the afternoon. On the evening before we were to depart we received an e mail telling us that due to operational reasons the bus was not leaving at 08.00 and they booked us on an alternative bus leaving at 22.15 arriving Geneva the next day at 00.15. They did not change the return bus journey which meant that we would get into Geneva 10 hours after we were supposed to get the bus back. Work that one out. It was supposed to be a nice day trip not a wander about Geneva in the early hours of the morning with no bus back. I have complained several times and requested our money back which we had paid so far without any response, except the standard "we are looking at it"', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "Me my mum and my siblings had a terrible experience with Flixbus not just because  of the wifi not working for the halve  of  the  way it's also because we we're changing to another flixbus that goes straight to London in brussel Belgium..  While we we're  trying to get our suitcase of the driver... I clearly saw him giving our suit case to someone else without even asking for the name of the belonging and we defienetly had our name on it and he just passed it and the thief took it and halve of the way threw our label on the floor. Luckily we had no passport or aslo in it..  There we just our clothes.  But still unresponsible.", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "If I could I would give this company a ZERO then I would. My Granddaughters used this Flix Bus on June 26th. The luggage of one of the girls was not in the luggage locker when they arrived in Salzburg from Munich. The Driver was NOT interested.The missing luggage was reported to the Police and this company. She was notified that one case had been found and once she has paid the fee of 16 euros it would be forward to my address in the UK. The money was paid but no sign of the luggage. Since then numerous phone calls have been made to Customer Services,  but other than being told to be patient whilst the query is escalated we still haven't been told where the luggage is. On one of these calls I was informed that they have a copy of a photograph of BOTH suitcases that were now ready for dispatch, still they didn't arrive. E-mails to the press office, for the attention of the Managing Director/Founder,  Mr Jochen Engert have all been COMPLETELY IGNORED. . My Granddaughter has now been informed that they can't retrieve this luggage from the Lost & Found Depart. What sort of company is JOCHEN ENGERT running. It looks to me that there is a system being run that says your luggage is lost, then found, so send money, then after they have your money it is conveniently lost again. If JOCHEN ENGERT doesn't have the decency to reply what chance is there of a reply from his staff.  BE WARNED DO NOT USE THIS COMPANY", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "We were travelling by flixbus all august. We had to take a bus in Prague at 23:30. First in the afternoon we received sms saying that our bus had a  delay of 3 hours. At midnight ee received amother sms explsining thst the bus had been canceled without any explaination or solution. Furthermore we xouldn't cancel the bus because we recrived the sms too late and we don't have our money back.", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "I never drive more with Flixbus! I just warn others about Flixbus' horrible and absolutely inhuman customer service. My story is that via their app I bought a ticket from Odense Syd / Dalum to Randers on 14.08. When I get up to take the bus a few days later, a sign hangs that says the bus stop has been moved to the other end of the city a few days before. On my ticket in the app, there is still a departure from Dalum. After two calls to their customer service (for they did not send the voucher promised at the first call), they maintain that it is my own mistake as it is mentioned on their website and in a ticket I received by mail. The problem is that I have used the app exclusively and there are other information in it. So I was an hour late on my trip and had to buy a relatively expensive train ticket in addition to the money I had put out for the bus ticket. Flixbus will not refund my money and if I need a voucher on the amount, I will pay 10 kr. Fee. They did not even regret the bad information. The trip with Flixbus canceled myself (for a charge of 10 Kr. Of course) and drove with Sortbill instead. The driver welcomed me with a smile and the bus had a departure, as described on my ticket!", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'The bus arrived 1h40 min late in what was supposed to be a 2h20~ trip (Karlsruhe to Frankfurt), the complete lack of professionalism and customer care was appalling.- At the bus stop, the company sent the 1st message stating that the bus was delayed by 15 minutes, sometime later they sent a 2nd message stating that it was now 25min late, this by itself isn\'t anything too bad, delays happens.- When we were approaching Darmstadt, the driver communicated that he needed to do a 30 min break due to safety regulations and we would no longer arrive at the scheduled 13h50, we would arrive at 15h30, instead of stopping in Darmstadt where there were alternatives for passengers in a hurry to choose from, the driver chose to stop at a random gas station 5 min outside of the city...and to top it all off, this person seemed to only speak french, and perhaps german, but the rest of the passengers can go screw themselves right? In the end, we actually arrived even later than the driver\'s prediction, it was "just" 10 more minutes, but considering that the delay was nearly as long as the trip itself, I don\'t understand how can a company work under these conditions.I would not recommend the service unless you value money more than your time, some of the unlucky passengers whom had booked flights were in quite a bind, because honestly, it\'s quite inconvenient to make plans under the assumption that your bus *could* arrive 2-3 hours late!', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "This was literally insane: FlixBus sold me (and other passengers!) a ticket to a bus that didn't end up travelling (Meran in Italy to Munich in Germany). A week later they simply haven't replied to my emails. The guy at the call center claimed we actually were on the bus even though their tracker on the website clearly showed the bus to be non-existent and no bus having rocked up at the bus station. I'd avoid FlixBus like the pest as long as you can afford the more expensive alternatives. If you are traveling on a tight budget they might be your only option. I'd call FlixBus the worst travel company I ever dealt with.", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "Very unprofessional.Firstly my bagged wasn't stowed anywhere safe but merely dumped on the lower seating area along with the rest of the passengers luggage stored on spare seats!Second was the cleanliness. Not clean at all, with crumbs and wrappers all over the floor! My driver was very unprofessional in many ways, one of which was no headcount whatsoever! So unsurprisingly we had to literally turn back because he forgot someone, and then went on to accuse this passenger that he shouldn't have been late. Not only was my travel very bad and uncomfortable but I was delayed by at least 2 hours taking this service. Never again!", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'I wrote it to the FlixBus 2 weeks ago: I bought tickets to my sister on your homepage from Florence to Budapest. She start her journey in Florence at 30th of July, but because of technical problems the bus stopped at 04:00 (31th of July) on the highway. So she was call me and I was call you to ask about the next steps I got the information you send an other bus and she can travel with the next bus from Ljubljana.The new bus arrived to the highway around 9 o\'clock and to Ljubljana at 10:30. Bus driver told all of the people have to came back at 14:45 who go Vienna or Budapest. My sister go back in time but the bus driver told her and an other passenger that they are not on the list, so my sister ask them to call the company what happen but the driver refused this and was shouting that ,,go to the hell" or he call police... As I know the driver was very unpolite with all the passangers and also aggressive with my sister.After this we called your company and she got a ticket for 1th of August. After a short late the bus arrived at 01:30. This bus went to Vienna not directly to Budapest, so after an other change and an other late the bus arrived to Budapest around 11:30 (1th of August).It isn\'t normal to arrive from Florence to Budapest on the third day from the start of the journey. The bus driver\'s behavior is not acceptable at all and I think I will write a review to your Facebook page not because of the many late but this impolite and aggressive staff. I read the bus passengers rights in the EU and also the national law and the minimum rights are these:If your long-distance journey (more than 250km) was scheduled to last more than 3 hours and departure is delayed by more than 90 minutes or cancelled, you are also entitled to:- Either you can get a refund for your ticket and where necessary free journey back to the service\'s initial departure point - you can later complain and claim a refund for the ticket plus compensation worth 50% of the ticket price.- meals and refreshments - proportionate to the waiting time or delay- accommodation if you have to stay overnightIt was a horrible travel full with wrong informations and services from your company and unacceptable behavior from the staff, so we expect the compensation from the ticket price and also a compensation because of the missing services like meals and refreshments.After 2 weeks they answered 1/3 of my questions:,,We can assure you that our time schedules are planned with great care to transport our customers comfortably and on time.We regret that this did not work out this time.However at times delays are caused by events which we, despite greatest care and preparation, cannot influence.If a departure is more than 120 minutes late from the scheduled departure time and a customer withdraws from the trip, a refund can be claimed. Once you decide to board the bus even after a delay and the transportation has taken place, i.e. the contract was fulfilled, refunding or compensation is not possible. That also goes for any delays that occur during your bus ride."So they not really care that my sister arrived on the 3. day after this (normally) short way, they even don\'t care about my other questions about the food and drink what they have to give in this situation or the fact that they gave totally wrong information about the new bus in the phone.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'If I could give this company less stars I certainly would , we arrived to the stop in Ljubljana 40 minutes early to find at least 40/50 people waiting for the train to receive a text to say the bus was delayed 1hr6mins , a lot of disappointed faces , however we got over that , only to receive another text to say it was approximately 3hr26mins delayed. We are essentially stranded on the side of the road with 20+kg backpacks and nowhere to go, all waiting in hop but expeting another text( with no explanation by the way) to say the bus is delayed. We have searched countless times to find a better option and even considers paying a further €78 for another flixbus only to find out that that too is delayed. What a joke', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "Unfortunately, I have more experiences with decidedly rude drivers. At that same time, Flixbus' terms apply to Abildskou, Redbillet and others. Due to takeover, it is almost untouchable with the remote service level found at Flixbus! In addition, there has also been a significant price change on the tickets by these companies, which have been taken over by Flixbus ...", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "I used two times this 'company' to travel from Mulhouse, France to Zurich, Swiss. It was an unpleasant experience: they were late every time. When I say late, I don't mean 10 min. The first time, they arrived at Mulhouse 30 min late and they accumulated another 30 min until Zurich. 60 min in total!The second time, in Zurich this time, they left the station with 90 min delay. And this was the starting point! They had the courtesy to send an SMS at least. No excuses. Just an 'we are late 1h30 min. They do not have a representative to calm the people and to guide them. We left with a bus that was not in the color of the company, green. I saw the bus by chance 5 min before the departure. No one to indicate were is the bus. And I was not the only one! Conclusion? Use this company only if you have no choice and no other plans with your time. Do not use it as a connection aternative. They are a disgrace in the world of transportantion.", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Wrong terminal on ticket cost me to miss my bus and then I was completely ignored by their service team.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': '16/8/2016 The bus arrive 2 hours late from London to Aachen Germany . Will never travel with flixbus again', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'FlixBus loses my luggage - afterwards drivers say that happens often! I will be delayed more than 5 hours! Is forced to use taxi and other company to arrive (it was an important day for me) - today they have chosen to pay me 79, - back ... no there is also a fee of 10, -. .. so 69, - as if that could make a difference .... !!! I have never been in such a bad treatment and customer service. Take care of your luggage, it disappears from the luggage compartment! And do not expect the bus to be there on time - customer service is also hugely incompetent, drivers are disobedient and direct lead. A good day turned into a very unpleasant experience. No thanks to FlixBus.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': '3 journeys in 2 months. First cancelled, got stuck in foriegn city had to book extra accomodation, no communication at all. Second, three hours late. Third, cancelled and rebooked the day before and now cannot make my connections. Literally the worst customer service I have ever encountered.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "Lost luggageI traveled yesterday (13/08) from Prague to Cologne and when I arrived I realised my suitcase was missing. The driver told it could have been mistaken but I really doubt it because there wasn't any similar suitcase in the bus. It was probably stolen in one of the stops. I was a frequent traveller of flixbus but this experience is very disappointing. You don't have any system to check luggage is taken by the passengers. The customer service hasn't really helped me as i called already several times, wrote an email and filled in the lost and found form and I haven't received any response yet. I am upset because I lost all the souvenirs from my trip, a gift from my boyfriend (wristwatch), my charger and adaptor and my clothes. I already replaced some things as my suitcase, adaptor, charger and some clothes and I want to know how is the reimbursement procedure, once you definitely realize the suitcase has not been found.Incredible, until now (29/08) no response from you, when I made the complaint with the police they told me this happens all the time, many people get their suitcases stolen in your buses every time and they never get a response from you, obviously your security measures are deficient and you don't even care. I don't know how you can remain untouched after so many complaints, disappointing...", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "I traveled from Hannover to Prague.No security for luggage.My bag was theft and when I ask for it ,I didn't get any minimum response from drivers.Another Passenger bag was also theft in the same time.It was very hard for me to loose the luggage worth 350 euros on the day of arrival of the trip and the complaint in lost & found also waste of my time and they don't have time to investigate it properly .Actually the bag is theft and the person who has theft the bag will never come and give it flixbus, please make sure that investigation must be done accordingly Please be aware of your luggage when you travel through flixbus and I personally will never go in flixbus again.", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'From krakow to ruzomberok. We came to destination 1hr later and missed our connection to bratislava. Therefore we had to wait (and buy new tickets) for another hour and half ( that means 2,5 hr delay at the final dedtination). We were cold at the bus with not working wifi or electric plugs. The drivers stopped for a break even though theres a toilet in the bus while we were already delayed for about 30min.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'My Flixbus ride from Brussels to Paris on July 21 was one of the worst experiences in my life. The bus was one hour late and the driver decided to travel through the small alleys of the Belgian countryside, claiming that there was an accident on the road. I believed him at the beginning but started to have my doubts when he stopped at a gas station for 45 minutes to drink coffee and of course to tempt the already tired and angry passengers to buy a drink from the cafe at the gas station.That was when I seized the opportunity to collected my luggage. With the help of two real gentlemen among the passengers (thank you guys so very much) I managed to take a taxi in order to try to catch my plane at  CDC. For me it was a "mission impossible" kind of situation.  Fortunately,  I miraculously caught my plane just 10 minutes before the counter was closed. I do regret not reading the reviews of this company before booking a ticket with them. I will never ever repeat this mistake. Ironically,  since my return, they keep sending me invitations to travel with them on other routes.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'A friend suffered a sexist aggression by the Flixbus driver, traveling from Munster to Berlin . She had to call police to report the facts and the company didn`t do anything...Police confirmed everything, and the Flixbus protected the driver.I did a little internet search and it is not the first time: a lot of people talk about sexist and racist aggression!I would never recommend traveling with this company. Train travel, if you look at them in time, they are very cheap.Responsible consumption', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "If there were an option for 0 stars, I would absolutely choose that. An unexpected detour in the Paris metro services caused our 25 minute trip to the cdg bus stop into a 75 minute trip. This happened last minute with no warning to us. Instead of being 40 minutes early, we were late. We called customer service to ask what we should do. They told us that the bus was running 5-10 minutes late, and that we may be able to make it. We were underground without phone data, so we could not cancel online. All we could do was make calls. By the end of this we traveled over an hour to cdg only to miss our bus. To attempt to resolve this issue, we called customer service. Mistake. They were rude, and extremely unhelpful. They blamed us for the metro detour, and said they were taking our 100 euros and there was nothing we could do about it. Flixbus stole €100 from 2 college kids. And couldn't have been more rude. I cannot emphasize enough what a pathetic, unethical company this is. I will NEVER give these thiefs my money again, and I strongly encourage no one else does either. For anyone that rated them 5 stars, they got lucky on their 1 trip they took with this company. I have taken 4-5 trips with flixbus in the last 3 weeks, and each one has been worse than the last. Choose eurolines. They have similar if not better prices, along with good customer service. They have better wifi and more leg room. Infinitly better. Please don't give these crooks more money. Again, I can't emphasize this enough. It is honestly the worst company of any type I have ever dealt with. Thank you.", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'From Austria to Croatia this time, correspondence of bus driver and luggage was the worst immediately before getting on a bus I was paying the extra ruggeji fee, but only me was refused to bring in baggage and I did not understand the meaning and I had a shoulder If I hit it and called it, I told you to call police because I hit you, forced cancellation. I was helped by the people around me and I did not take care of the police, but I bought the tickets again and waited for another 4 hours. I am traveling around the world variously, but this is my first time to feel such a bad bus. Awfully the worst!', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Worst bus I have been on board with a driver who can neither speak Swedish nor English and also has a bad attitude towards clients who ask such a simple and simple answer as "what city are we at the moment ? ". Flixbuss wrote nowhere on their website while booking a bus ticket that we would stay in Ödeshög in my 40s, but it was said that the bus from Jönköping at 13:10 and that we should be in Linköping at 15:20. Instead, we arrived at 16:15. In addition, I think that bus drivers should be required to know Swedish. They live in Sweden, that\'s not the question. And on top of all the mud, the bus driver had no suit or any other equipment to represent the company and to know that he is the bus driver. Absolutely incredible.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Bad company, the company live me alone in lille connections from cdg to London, I had to pay a lot of money for  Eurostar to finish my trip, I never had pass for this situation.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "I am very upset with customer service of flixbus. I have exchanged series of emails and messages with robots and i keep getting irrelevant standard replies. On top of that, phone service is even worst. You are asled to press 1 for english and then you get a operator who speaks fluentlyvEnglish and refuses to help you out! I'd rather to pay 10 times more than waisting my time on a cheap service.I must say that i have already travelled with them few times and it has always been good... they are just very poor at dealing with customer related issues.", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "My bus from Bayona (France) to Bilbao (Spain) never show up (bus K784, 05/08, 23h15 booking number 8044552603).I had to take a taxi because I couldn't lose my connection for an international flight.I called several times, send 2 messages in their website, contact them in fb and messenger.I have no response.I advise strongly against this company. Their transportation service is the worst as their customer service.LD", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Quality is dropping with third companies', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "Outbound bus from London to Cologne  was ok but the return from Lille to London was awful. As a bare minimum they couldn't even provide clean toilets. From the start the bowl was filled to the rim. Pigs treating us like animals! If that wasn't bad enough it was 3 hours later AND had zero WiFi. They sell us tickets telling us we should have internet. Nonsense, liars! The driver apologized and was supportive yet told me the company was growing way beyond its means and that its bosses don't give a toss. She had to endure a last minute trip without notice. Too bad for her! Then I send a complaint email in English and get a response in German telling me they were overwhelmed... Thanks Google translate..what a bunch of idiots. Sink the morons with a better bus company.", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'We are 2 pensioners who should travel to Skive 7-8-2017. Since we are not so good at computer, we called in to ask if you could buy tickets on the bus, but we were not sure to come in, but the young man we talked to would like to book for us, he did so and so far so well. Two minutes later we regret and call in to cancel and return our money. We have paid 461kr for the tickets and can get 40kr return, as they charge a fee of 110kr per Person per. Tour ie 440 kr, or we can get a proof of 405kr. The person we spoke to spoke bad Danish, could not spell to our names or mail and refused we to talk to his superior. We were pretty sure at last the money was deducted from the account, we did not come to Skive and we should never ever travel with this scam company. Hope DR Cash takes hold of this company. Best regards Lisbeth', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "The worst company ever... it doesn't depart and arrive on time, and the service is nothing", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Should have traveled between Lund and Gothenburg. The bus was canceled without me and the other travelers being told something. Overall, we waited for the bus for 3 hours without getting any information from the company after trying to reach them via mobile, facebook and mail. The bus was canceled and the staff knew about this before the bus would have departed from Lund. Nevertheless, it was on the internet that the bus was on time and had left Lund on time.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'The worst company ever . My daughter Booked and paid  for bus tickets with a friend and they over booked the bus and left without them They wanted  them to  wait 3 hrs for the next bus with no apology nothing , l will never use them  again , I would like her to get a refund or I will put this all over Facebook and social media', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'We have been customers of Flixbus for quite a long time.This time we decided to travel from the Flixbus stop situated nearby the Hague Central Station to Munich (line 268 at 18.00, 28 July 2017 ).The trip began later than we expected because the bus was late for an hour and we had not been duly informed about that in advance. Despite this fact, we were pretty confident that there would be enough time for a transfer to another bus in Monchengladbach which was going directly to Munich.To the contrary,I would say that the driver’s actions were professional, notwithstanding the fact he had another trip earlier this day, as well as he was alone during this trip, that, to the best of my knowledge, are not in line with the company’s policy and principles which provide that there should be two drivers in the bus.It is worth mentioning, that we were not the only persons who were supposed to have transfers in different cities, some other people were in the same position.With regard to the timing, I would like to underline, that our transfer was scheduled for 00.12 am, 29 July 2017, at the Flixbus stop in Monchengladbach.Unfortunately, on our way to Monchengladbach the bus suddenly broke down. It happened in Roermond (the Netherlands) at around 11.20 pm (the electricity was fallen for unknown reason).\xa0 Therefore, we contacted the Flixbus customer service in order to find any solution. The company reassured us that they would do their best to provide relevant assistance. Regretabbly, the bus was fixed only 2 hours after, but the customer service did not respond to our numerous calls.\xa0We arrived to Monchengladbach at around 03.00 am and made another attempt to reach the customer service by phone, to no avail. It is noteworthy, that there were neither hotels nor taxi nearby the Flixbus stop. Since there was no possibility to get to Munich by other transport, except by train or taxi, both are very expensive means of transport, we had no choice, but started to search the hotels to stay for that night.In the morning of 29 July, after having almost sleepless night, we finally reached the representative of the customer service by phone who was surprised by what happened last night. She therefore proposed us to use the voucher of the company to travel to Munich via Bremen in the evening of the same day. We thanked her for this kind proposal, but stated that it was too late to make it, since we wanted to spend full weekend in Munich. At the same time, we agreed to use the voucher to accomplish the trip to Paris (our final destination which we were supposed to reach right after spending two days in Munich).\xa0In this regard, I would like express my strong dissatisfaction with the level of work of the Flixbus company customer service that caused moral damage to me and my husband, as well as additional expenses, namely the reservation of the hotel room in Monchengladbach, cancellation of tourist trips/around Munich, expenses related to the car rental.Maryna & Anatolii', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Not recommended. My luggage was stolen and I have not received any support from FlixBus. It has been over 10 days.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'inside bus right now and i want to die Worst trip of my life', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "I'm a tourist from Hong Kong.This is the worse experience I ever had:\u2028The trip was scheduled Venice 20:25 > Milan 23:55\u2028Milan 03:30 > Nice 08:00I was arrived 30mins earlier than the departure time at Venice.Finally arrived at Milan, it was a cold, outdoor place. And I have noticed there are a 2hours delay, and we can do nothing but sitting on the bus station to wait for the bus.The bus came eventually at 05:30, I'm already missing 2hrs of my trip, after passing Genoa. The bus had some issue about the engine and stop for almost 3 extra hour on the highway.it was Already 8:47amI was keep expecting there are a bus coming to pick up us, but nothing happened!!The bus driver keep telling us the another bus are coming to pick us, we want to know when will it come, but he said.he don't know.Then the repair truck came and we thought the bus will be fixed, but they only took our BUS out of the highway to another location.Again, the driver telling us the another bus is coming but don't know how long it takes.We finally arrive at Destination at 6:00pm, which is 10hr delay, we lost our whole day trip.We missed our hotel check-in time, we miss some Spot we planned to go, we need to pay extra fee for Transportation.After we back to Hong Kong, I try to let FlixBus to know how disappointed and upset we are.They reply very slow, it takes a week for each email reply, feel like they don't care about their customer.We mentioned that we are tourist, but end up they offered us a free ride. The matter is we would not go to Europe that frequently, This is how they offer us for ruining our trip.For others who want to travel by Bus, please pay attention to this company - Flixbus.", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Please, potential Flixbus customers... DO NOT use this poor excuse for a company. A bus from Brussels to London, I was sent a text message 15 minutes before the bus was due, telling me that there would be a 50 minute delay. Whilst waiting, I then received 2 more text messages saying there would be a further 20 and 25 minute delay due to traffic. Once the bus finally arrived, there was not enough room in the storage compartment for my bag so instead it was thrown behind a couple of seats with 3 cases piled on top of it.  The driving was erratic and uncomfortable, there was no wifi, no charging points and the driver started to drive away at the UK border with 5 passengers still inside presenting their passports. If I could give a negative star review, I would.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'We had booked a 28 hour journey from London to Copenhagen with a 2.5 hour change in Köln.At first we didn\'t get any information about a delay and there were no flixbus employees to help us out.The bus that came, had a defect toilet, so we had to rely on occasional toilet breaks. 3 hours before our supposed arrival we were confused, because we hadn\'t seen any of the other stops. We asked the bus-driver how late we were and to our fear he told us "around 3 hours"; meaning we would miss our next bus. We immediately called flixbus, who simply asked us to call them an hour before our arrival. When we called again, we were on hold for 45 minutes and instead tried calling them on another phone. Suddenly there were no waiting time, but now we talked to another person who again had to identify the problem. He would call us back after 5 minutes, but after 15 minutes we figured it wouldn\'t happen. We called him twice before he picked up the phone. He booked us on another bus, where we would have to change in Frankfurt and change again in Hamburg, where we could take a train to Copenhagen. On our way to this bus, that would add many hours to our already long journey, we saw a flixbus driving directly to Hamburg, and took the chance and asked the driver, if we could join this bus instead. after a call, he told us that it was the bus we originally were supposed to take directly to Copenhagen. To our luck it had been waiting due to a technical error. This bus (from Köln to Copenhagen) didn´t hold any breaks, which meant we could not buy any food or stretch our legs, and we were still 3 hours late on our arrival in Copenhagen.So basically:2 times 3 hours delay.Blocked our phone number, when we needed help.Luck saved the day, NOT Flixbus.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "We were about to board pre booked flexi bus for brussels belgium when the ticket and documents checker stopped our luggage to be loaded in the bus and waited till the end as he said one of our luggage can't go. Same thing he said to another family he stopped for same reason. That family has two boxed luggages which he afterward allowed on board and behaved aggressively with us. My wife was wearing relegious islamic clothing and it was clear from his selection of words and language and attitude that he's racially and religiously motivated to adopt this kind of behaviour and than he ruthlessly didn't let us board the bus. This Incident left my wife in tears and us both in a deep shock. I can't imagine that the bus left us even without checking or measuring our luggage if they think it's over weight. And moreover they let the other family who happened to be of the same race and colour of the ticket checker.I begged him that my family is waiting in brussels and he was literally provoking me by saying so harsh words to me and my wife.I'll absolutely make sure that these kind of people get kicked off from all public transport terminals so no one has to face the same trauma that we faced.I have already launched a legal action involving police and other relative authorities.", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'We are travelling from Rotterdam to Amsterdam and we have a delay of 1 hour 40 minutes. We expect an indemnization for The time lost in Amsterdam. I would be grateful if you could answer this message. Regards, Bruno.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Please, people, do not make the same mistake as I did - do not travel with Flixbus... Me and several other people were traveling from London to Prague. We were supposed to change the bus in Brussels. So, the bus to Brussels was 3 hours late. We were left in Brussels (at night) without any information. There was no office, the customer service was not answering the phone, the drivers knew nothing. After an hour, the company sent us a text message with their brilliant plan - they rebooked our tickets and made us to go to Prague through Amsterdam and Berlin. Would you believe it? So we got to Prague with 10 hour delay.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Changed the place of the stop without a clear notice. As soon as the driver saw us coming and waving, he took off.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "If I had used my coach tickets I'm sure I would not be leaving this review. My boyfriend and I instead chose to use the plane as he didn't fancy being on a coach for 16 hours. Unfortunately cancelling my tickets and acquiring a refund has been an uphill struggle. Firstly it is not possible to cancel over the phone so I was stuck on hold for nearly half an hour only to be told I have to cancel online anyway, then there is no actual refund they just send you a voucher of the same value. I have called on three separate occasions to have my voucher sent to me as it never got emailed through after cancelling. Each time the operator said they would send it immediately, And I am still left with no voucher. I have now messaged them through Facebook asking for my money back because this is getting ridiculous; I spent nearly  £200 on tickets and their service is appalling. I don't even want the voucher because I do not wish to use their service again anyway.", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "Terrible customer service; not attended in my own language (Dutch), even though company operates in the Netherlands. If written feedback in Dutch, it's barely understandable, they did not even go through the trouble of hiring a decent translator. Buses are late most of the time (route Groningen-Eindhoven), and bus drivers complain this is because of tight schedules. Refunds only given after a ridiculous two hour delay. Well, I've got up to an hour and a half, but is not enough for their standards. It's cheap, but the way they treat their customers is abysmal. Toilets are always filthy, internet usually does not work. They are no match for the (also terrible AND expensive) Dutch railways. One of those race-to-the-bottom companies we should be avoiding, but we aren't because of low cost. I will make sure to spread the news about this amazingly crappy company.", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'They can be 3 hours late and have you wait for them but if you are 3 minutes late they leave you and you must buy another ticket. This happens very frequently. Terrible Customer Service too.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Bus was late to the connecting service and passengers were left at 1.00am with no information and no where to go. No refunds given. Hopeless.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'What to say? We booked a bus from Berlin to Hamburg that was supposed to depart at 15:00 but the Bus departed 16:07. Without ANY information we were held inside. My wife went to speak with FlexiBus representative, but she was so arrogant and full of bad attitude - She actually said this: " Well, you booked a 9eur bus, what do you expect?". When my wife told her it was 25eur bus ticket, She stated: " Well, even if its 25eur...". - What to say about this? She was as well constantly repeating that they didnt have any info, but when I tried to speak, she was non stop interupting and not listening. I am working in a similar branch, and I tried to tell her, that even if they didnt have any info on when the bus is going to depart, she shouldev cone to bus and stated it (example: Guys, Im really sorry, this is the situation, we dont know when the bus is going to leave etc etc). In that way, at least its up to us to decide whether we are going to wait or make other arrangements...We booked our airline tickets, (value over 1200eur) and planned our trip accordingly. Left little bit over an hour of free time, and now its a question if we are going to make it to the flight... Disaster! I know Im NEVER taking flexibus again. ps. To be honest, the bus is super clean , nice, with internet, toilet, electricity plug and usb plug as well.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "I booked a FlixBus from Wurzburg to Frankfurt Airport. I gave myself time to do the check in at the airport. I was hanging about  waiting for the bus when I get a text saying its 50 mins late! I thought ok that might still be ok. 20 Minutes later I get a text saying its going to be 1 hour and 5 mins late. At this point I knew I wouldn't make it and went to purchase some rail tickets. So now I am arguing with them for a refund! Its taken 3 emails so far and the last one says they need proof I didn't board the bus??? Omg its e Tickets that are on your phone not paper tickets? The barcode is scanned by the driver so surely records show I never boarded the bus..... They are arguing I didn't cancel it. Well I was in a bit of rush running across to the train station with a heavy laptop and a bag trying to grab the train to frankfurt so I wouldn't miss my flight.... Cancelling the bus  was kinda not on my to do list......", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "I had a trip from Berlin to Stockholm, with a connection in Gothenburg.They left me in Gothenburg, expecting me to stay at the station for 8 hours overnight, because the driver decided to take a 30 minute break, which caused me to miss the last connection of the night. Customer service is the worst I have EVER experienced. They refuse to refund me, even though I couldn't get to my destination in a timely manner and didn't even end up using them due to the EIGHT HOUR delay. They ask you to pay for your own accommodation after stranding you in a foreign city and you have to pray to God they'll refund that, but good luck. They want your money and don't give a damn about you. I had to call a friend to drive three hours to pick me up and take me Stockholm. What a ripoff. NEVER use flixbus.", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Service level = 0Location information = 0', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'AVOID AT ALL COSTS! Booked this coach on a return from London to Brussels. The journey going the coach was on time but the drivers could not have been any ruder if they tried. After having to load all the luggage into the back of the coach ourselves, I then kindly asked to sit downstairs with my young child who gets terrible travel sickness so that we could be nearer to the toilet. The driver just blatantly refused claiming it was full all though it was more than half empty. Upon arrival in Brussels the drivers then thought it appropriate to throw people suitcase out of the back of the bus nearly hitting a few people. Unfortunately, the tragic tale does not end there for this dissmal coach company. On the return trip they sent out text messages saying the bus was delayed from 13:55 - 14:55, at 15:35 a representative was asked where the bus was and his response was "honestly we don\'t have a clue we have been told to keep saying 10 minutes". At 16:00 another text message was sent stating the bus was now 2:30 hours delayed and then another one at 16:15 saying the bus was 2:45 hours delayed. Thought this delayed process we had to wait outside with all our luggage waiting for this bus with no real information being shared. The bus which was meant to arrive back in London Victoria at 8:00 arrived back at 11:30pm! To then try and call Flix customer services is then another battle as the line says press "1" for english but it doesn\'t actually work and when you speak to any member of staff they hang up on you. I wanted to speak to them asking for my full refund but I cannot therefore I have to write a review in the hope that they see this. Knowing the lack of customer service and empathy that has been shown on this trip I wouldn\'t hold my breath. I would recommend Eurolines or any other company other than this one.Then I got this terrible reply from their customer services team "Dear FlixBus customer, Thank you for your message.We can assure you that our time schedules are planned with great care to transport our customers comfortably and on time.We regret that this did not work out this time.However at times delays are caused by events which we, despite greatest care and preparation, cannot influence.If a departure is more than 120 minutes late from the scheduled departure time and a customer withdraws from the trip, a refund can be claimed. Once you decide to board the bus even after a delay and the transportation has taken place, i.e. the contract was fulfilled, refunding or compensation is not possible. That also goes for any delays that occur during your bus ride.We regret that we cannot meet your request in this case and hope for your understanding. We also hope to be able to convince you of the quality of our service in the near future again and to welcome you on board of one of our green buses soon. Kind regards,".', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "My bus to Prague from Vienna was supposed to leave at21.15, it was originally delayed 1 hour for 22.30 and then 23.30 ...The bus never turned up and I had to strongly argue with the4th bus in Prague's Direction, not full, to get in at midnight. Not to mention I got rejected from other buses going to Prague, leaving earlier and which weren't full. During my waiting time, the overall staff, cashier, drivers, havebeen extremely unhelpful, selfless and rude.It's by far one of my worst travel experience.I strongly recommend not to use this travel company which considers that whatever the delay and the overall experience quality, once you have arrived at your destination, they have fulfilled their contract and obligations.", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Incredibly poor service, with flix bus there is only one language German, unbelievable that at such a time as we have you just do not understand English like, for example. Is this the right bus. Besides that, the flix bus has been so kind to be an hour late without any message (although it certainly was what he said at GERMAN) amazing that you still believe you are a superpower! Take control of your bus men - would recommend others to find an alternative than Flix', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'I booked my ticket from Vienna at 16.10 to arrive to Bratislava at 17.10 because I was having another trip at 17.45, however the bus left Vienna till 17.00 which made me miss my next trip. I tried to talk to driver, but he just called two bodyguards who wanted to hit me and throw me away from the bus. I contacted their SD and they told me that the refund is only when it is late for 2 hours as in another way f** you!I was not the only person who suffered from their unprofessional behavior, but many other people in the same bus.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Hello, my name is FLAVIO FLORIANO DE MORAISBooking # 8043401157> Milano> Barcelona.Linea 492 - 22.07.17 Departure: Milano 2:40 pm to Nice Aéroport (stazione autobus - Terminal 2) Link: Line N708 destination Barcelona - 22.07.17 - 20: 40 h.At the start of the trip, in Milan, I was informed that there was a delay of 2 hours !!!! Therefore I could not take the bus from the Nice - Barcelona connection. But they told me that if I did not arrive on time, I could on another bus. When I arrived in Nice there was no one to guide me what to do, to explain something to me !!!!! Com much insist the driver made a call and then told me that the next bus to Barcelona would only come in the next day! At 8:00 in the morning. I was at the station alone without knowing what to do and obviously the question was: Where am I going to sleep tonight ???? I chose to go by bus because it was cheaper and then I see myself in the need to look for a hotel in Nice (!!!) to spend the night !!! I was the first time in my life that I slept in an airport bank !! !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! For reasons of work and family, it would not do me any good to assume the delay caused by Flixbus, therefore I had to buy a plane ticket to Barcelona !!! !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! At that point I There is a huge fatigue, just thinking, in the bureaucracy that I will have to endure to recover my money.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "They are never on time, half the stations are in random places with no cover. We got caught in a storm as the bus was over an hour late. The driver got stroppy over us being wet. Then our next bus was called so they moved us onto one which was 4 hours earlier which we can't do, and we are expected to pay to change to a suitable time. Do your self a favour and use someone else.", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "First and last time using this service. We're on the first bus of the day and it is 2 hours late. Very unreliable! They blame it on traffic but other bus services are on time. I think the bus driver just overslept.", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "Lost and Found works very bad, doesn't want to help, doesn't reply to email.  I miss my baggage  when I get off after arriving to Strasbourg. I just forgot to take it for having sleeplessness. So, contacted with customer service, they only said that we will answer you in 2 weeks. There wasn't even any lost and found office.", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "My bus was cancelled and they didn't cover hotel cancellation.", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "Got there an hour early, found 2 other flixbus drivers who were extremely vague and angry and unhelpful as we didn't know where to go. Went to wait at the platform 20 mins before our bus arrived. Was waiting for 30 minutes before another flixbus came, only to be told our bus has already gone. Very poor service. 1*", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Traveled to Berlin from Copenhagen and returned in July 2017. At first I did not have to get on the bus because I\'m not on the passenger list - even though I\'m flagging with my ticket and my passport. The driver will not communicate with me and keep saying "momento". Finally, I insist and put myself in! During the whole trip, drivers / drivers will not communicate with me or many of the other passengers in either Nordic languages, English or German. They were shown Romans! When buying a ferry, we spend a very long time while one driver is in, and the other discusses loudly on the phone in a language that we Danish passengers did not understand. We are waiting in line at the ferry dock in Gedser, arriving, loading, loading - and then sailing and there are two hours for the next ferry. We will not be informed at all. It\'s only when I go down and tell the drivers what happens and require some information that one takes the microphone and says "Zwei Stunde Pause" !!! It turns out, we find ourselves (through the ticket office in Gedser) that there was no reserved space for the bus at the departure at. 11.00 - that is, the departure from Flixbus departure to Berlin with every single day. We therefore had to wait two hours extra - absolutely unacceptable on such a background. Some of the passengers were insecure due to the lack of information and the drivers\' lack of communication with us - an elderly lady unhappy, for she had to go by bus to Budapest from Berlin at. around 17.00 (we should arrive at 3.30pm in time). A mother with two children would continue from here at. 17.40 and was also worried. I called the Flixbus Danish department and came through after 20 minutes. Here I spoke to Jonas repeatedly. despite my repeated explanation, continued to insist that Flixbus could not take responsibility for ferry departures. I asked to talk to his boss, it took some time, Jonas came back and continued in the same groove. I told about our insecurity at the drivers and insisted on talking with his boss. Then Jonas made the pipe! We arrived in Berlin 2 1/2 hours later than planned. When I went home, there were also challenges. The bus came, everyone (many to a double-decker bus) got ready, a manager at the ZOB (bus station) from Flexbus came to look up at the front with a driver, and the doors were closed and we were told we should wait. We did so for half an hour. No information - we were 15 minutes late already, the drivers went frustrated around - and NO informed us what happened. We then found that the waiting time was due to a stone slash in the windscreen, and it had to be clarified, insurance, whether we had to drive. Suddenly, on the information sign on the bus, the bus is canceled. Again no INFO - everyone is wildly frustrated. The Flix Manager comes in after five minutes, and then we have to drive anyway. However, he says in German when I ask what has happened - that we have been allowed to drive but that "he would not do that". Not just something that calms passengers going on a 420 km. long drive. Traffic delays, the bus company can not be blamed for, but not having a seat reservation (and so during the busy holiday season) and did not want to communicate - neither in the bus nor in the bus. phone - it\'s for me to look completely unnecessary and unacceptable. I never travel with Flixbuses anymore!', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "I booked the bus from Freiburg to Basel, and from Basel to EuroAirport. First of all, The bus was 50 minutes late, which means I arrived in Basel with one hour delay, that made me lose the connection to the EuroAirport.This is unacceptable! Secondly, there was an awful smell from the toilet! Plus, the bus drivers don't understand or speak any English.  Not to mention, the FlixBus phone line, doesn't have an English line. This was such a bad experience!", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "We had just before departure by SMS noticed that the bus should be delayed by one hour. I had tried several times to get the customer service. I was on hold the third time for 20 minutes unsuccessfully. On the fourth try I got through and the lady on the phone was very friendly and told me that the bus would come in 10 minutes and we would get the connection bus in Brussels. However, the bus did not arrive until about half an hour later, totaling about 100 minutes instead of an hour's delay. The bus driver had hurried but it was no longer possible to get the connection bus. A bus can always be late for any reason but then honest information should be given to help us in this situation instead of talking us nice it would work out. Everything is not a problem as long as we are not alone then. Mobile battery was now all and we stranded in Brussels. That could have been prevented.", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "As everyone else writes, you double-book because of server errors, but the money is deducted anyway, they may figure out when you get to the bus, you stand 3 times and they say send an email so you can get your refund Two tickets, it's done three times, but as everyone else writes, they never return, it can not go long that the company can survive, I do not travel with them anymore.", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'We left at London time. Passing Gandes the bus failed and I have been waiting for three hours to travel. We had my family or me a tour scheduled for Bruges today, but we already lost it ... and for what I read, they will not return the money I just lost.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Delayed by 4.5hours with 15 mins notice. Keep getting false updates on bus arrival time.Very bad service on hotline. Took 30 mins to talk to service person.Bus no air con. Rude employee at bus station.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Booked a bus from Zurich to Colmar. Bus was 2 hours late and we were only notified of the delay one hour after the original departure time. No explanation for the delay and zero customer service. Will never travel with this company again.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "There is a double booking due to Server errors on their part, they deduct $ 1200 from me and are now unable to get in touch to get the money they owe me. You can get them back as a worthy proof, what kind of dirt is it when it's their fault. And then it's not even easy to book with them. NEVER RUN WITH THEM AGAIN! The worst customer service I have ever experienced. It's so bad for Abildskou was super good and they have some good prices but when one's trip suddenly costs 1200 kr, it might even pay off the train ...", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'So far we used Flixbus 3 times to travel from Groningen to Bremen. Two times the bus was more then one hour late. One time te bus was on time but the bus driver missed a turn, because of this we were still more then a hour too late on the airport.. Hope this company will get bank robbed soon because its a terrible service...', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'i booked a flixbus on 7th july 2017 from vienna airport to gyoy hungary bus no 902- which never arrived i ended up taking train Never book the bus in advance not worth the hassle and other drivers are so rude and aggressive would never use them again Guess what its their loss hope they get bankrupt i called the number in germany they put the phone down Robbers day time robbery', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'This was the worst customer service I have ever experienced. Our bus was 4 1/2 hours delayed and 5 hours LATE. Everyone only got the notification 1 hour before departure when we already checked out of the hotel. Everyone taking the bus waited outside in the cold till 4:30AM with all their luggage in an unsafe area. While we waited another Flixbus driver got into an argument with one of the passengers on my bus trying to find out why the bus was so late. The bus driver told the customer to "Fcuk off". Another Driver did nothing to help two older (60-70 yo) African American couple begging him to help them purchase a ticket on his bus. At some points he grinned as if he enjoyed it. It was unreal to witness.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "Hello Flixbus,Hope you read my message here and assist us on time. I have purchase a interflix voucher 3days ago and waiting for them to be validated. Unfortunately, one of the voucher codes does not work. I tried to contact customer service via contact form on your website and got response that the code i redeemed might has been mistakenly written. With this i'd like your help and also to clarify that i have purchased interflix directly from your fan shop/website (not from any agencies). I have copied and pasted original code into the redeem box and one of them just not valid.Hence, please kindly help me to check my voucher code so i can complete my journey on time and without any problem/delay.", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'This is by far the worst experience when it comes to bus/coach traveling.  It’s as fundamental as inaccurate information on the bus tickets,  to rude bus drivers and unhelpful customer call centers.  Yes they have cheap tickets, but I suggest you go for the next option even if it costs a bit more.  Don’t get disappointed.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "Absolutely horrible experience, I booked tickets for the formula one but I never got there in time , the bus had a starting delay of 5 hours which was later worsened to almost 7 hours, then only at 4 in the morning I was able to reach customers.er service after which I could finally book a room as I was stuck in Prague in stead of austria where i should've been( I did not sleep I left at 6 in the morning to catch the replacement bus). Overall the experience is horrible , customer service is awfull and actually being on time looks like a joke to them, so far I have traveled twice with flixbuss and both travels were unsupportive and late, I would never ever travel with flixbuss again.", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "We had 1 and a half hour delay for a 4 hours trip from Brussels to Paris. The company's employees - drivers and the man in charge of planning kept us (more then 40 persons) in the bus station with no clear solution. They would move us form one bus to another saying that they don't know how to fix this problem. Flixbus's employee was clearly overwhelmed by the situation and the drivers refused to board us to the next buses.On another hand , the chairs are very uncomfortable with no legroom.I don't recomand the company and I'll definitely never user its services.", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "It's a disaster, not a service. I spent hours waiting for the bus at the station a number of times. A 2 hour delay is perfectly normal for them. The customer service / passenger right section doesn't work on their website.Seriously, they should go out of business. I'd rather walk then go anywhere with them.", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "Honestly it can be alright but too often they aren't on time, change places of pickup and arrive extremely late to their destination, you would be better off avoiding entirely.", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Worthless ski company !!! The bus between Gothenburg - Stockholm was canceled ... found out about 20 minutes before the bus had gone. Got a reminder mail at night before today you go with FlixBus ... etc ... so you thought that everything was calm, but not :-( Had to get to Stockolm somehow (Rigakryssning) .. got the first best train ... and the bus journey home was of course also canceled :-( So it got to be train even then .Our trip was over 3100kr more expensive than planned :-( May really hope I will be replaced for that.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Bus was running 75 minutes late had to catch a train to keep my schedule. Bad service and want a refund', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': '2 hours delay to arrive on destination, for a scheduled 2:15 trip, but "only"  45 minutes delay on departing, so it is fine and no compensation needed right?Stay away from this "Service", everything is just random.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "Had a terrible experience with Flixbus despite using them before and hearing positive stories from friends. Bus was delayed multiple times, we arrived 8 hours late to our destination at 3am in the morning. PAY an extra few euros to go with another company. It will be worth it. I received no contact from Flixbus telling me what was going on, so needless to say it was an incredibly stressful experience. When the bus finally arrived there was no communication from the driver, no apologies or explanations, we were just herded aboard. I called asking about compensation and was told to submit an online form (which I already had done), then received an email saying to expect a 3 week response time - that's unacceptable. In short, the 4 hour delayed arrival time was unacceptable, the lack of communication was frustrating and the customer service when I called was mostly unhelpful.", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "Flixbus driver ASSAULTED me in the street after I asked for his name to file a complaint about his unprofessional behavior. This happened because I tried to help de-escalate a bad situation, caused by the horrific behavior of the Flixbus staff, which was endangering the safety of an infant child.The driver and other Flixbus staff verbally berated a customer in German for attempting to load a baby carriage into the bus prior to checking in. The customer, a father traveling with his wife and infant, didn't understand German and was reasonably offended at being treated so rudely. The situation escalated to an argument and the driver banned the entire family from riding the bus, even the mother and baby, in the middle of the night, in freezing weather. The father, reasonably, believed this outrageous treatment may be racist, as he and his family were from Africa. I tried to reason with everyone, get everyone to apologize, calm down, and get the family in the bus, since they'd done nothing wrong, especially not the wife and baby. The wife was pleading for the sake of her child, who was in real danger in -2 C, to let them on the bus. When I tried to help, the staff threatened to ban me from the bus as well. They looked like skinheads, by the way.When I got to my destination I asked the driver for his name to file a complaint. When he refused, I started taking video and asked again. Then he chased me out of the bus and attacked me in the street, grabbing me by the neck and pulling my hair.I filed a complaint with the local police.I informed Flixbus, and they blew off my complaint of ASSAULT and the horrible treatment of the family. They also refused to tell me the name of the driver who assaulted me to add to the police report.Regardless of any external circumstances, such an unstable, violent person is a dangerous bus driver. But Flixbus chose to continue to jeopardize the safety and lives of its customers rather than address their problem is staff selection and training. Flixbus is cheap, but is it worth risking dying in a burning bus because it's being driven by a lunatic they refuse to fire after he publicly committed a violent crime? Really?", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Disgusting behaviour from the company.Bus from Brussels to Cologne delayed for 1 hours,after for another 2.30h and then no message.We called the company and they told us they can\'t locate the bus.Another call and they said that the bus didn\'t even left Gent so i decided to go to a hostel as it was already more than 8 hours waiting.Couldn\'t reebok the ticket as you have to cancel the trip with at least 15min before departure.Next day i booked the same bus,same story all over again,i felt like being in a movie with stupid people.Cal the company and they said they can\'t find a !!diesel!! gas station. Another guy called in the same time and they told him the bus on the way. We wait for more than 6 hours and there was another bus going to Cologne via Amsterdam but they didn\'t allowed us to board the bus.At the end there came a scheduled bus to Cologne and after half hour trying to call the customer service with no answers,the driver agreed to take us on the bus so we finally were in Cologne at 4am,sleep in the airport like homeless people and no help from the company.As they say on the "passengers right" if the bus is delayed more than 120 min you can book into a hotel and have snacks up to 80€/night. I sent them the receipts via e-mail,they asked me to send a bank statement so i did,after they said it\'s not valid and so on.1/2 weeks emailing them and trying to get at least the refund of the tickets but they said that they cannot refund cause i have ised the tickets.Try to e-mail them another time to explain the problem but the e-mail couldn\'t get through,which means they have blocked me.London to Paris,the driver ask 1 girl to pay 1 luggage because she is allowed only 1 luggage.Showed them that we are allowed 2 bags and the driver became aggressive.At the passport control in Dover,1 guy was left behind because of some misunderstanding with his passport,we told the driver but he didn\'t care and choose to go without him.After 15 min the police came and had to return to pick the guy.The driver came up to me and the guys next to me and start swearing in german and being aggressive.So we missed the slot and had to wait 2.30h for the next train.When we got into the train the driver crash the bus so we had to go down and everything else was just a fuckd up journey.No response from the company and the worst thing is that there is no organisation in Germany where you can complain about this kind of stuff.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "Shockingly bad customer care, service & safety! Don't believe the website hype!Brussels to London Victoria. 2/7/17*Bus 3 hrs late arriving in Brussels, no communication from company*Driver screaming and shouting at passengers as they were boarding, even swearing at one lady.*passengers told toilet was broken, & couldn't be used for duration of journey, door locked by driver.*in first 5 minutes of driving had hit something and smashed wing mirror. Run a red light, missed 3 green lights and was clearly very very stressed and in no fit state to drive.*stopped to look for spare wing mirror, none on board. Passengers told he was waiting for his boss to bring one and the a little while later he returned to Brussels North train station.*then told to just carry on with journey by company - neither bus or driver were safe to continue at this point but proceeded to join motorway network for next two hours, during this time he had another argument with a passenger whilst drink on the motorway. Absolutely unbelievable behaviour and totally unacceptable.Countless calls to 24/7 customer services, mostly involving a 20 minute wait on hold before getting to speak to any one, no action being taken despite being told otherwise.* received call telling him to stop at small service station 20 minutes from Calais as mechanic on way. 3hrs later, still no mechanic. 3 1/2 hrs later, on the move again.*No food or drink is being provided, passengers include 25 schoolchildren, who should have been in London at 8pm and currently being told 3 am but this looks wildly optimistic.Last call to customer services, on hold for 50 minutes, then we gave up. Clearly no one is answering the calls anymore.Passengers in limbo & service station shutting.By the time they reach uk driver will have exceeded his daily driving time. If he tries to continue on I've informed my daughter to call the British police and tell them the situation.Despite their clear customer promises on their website the company actions or lack of couldn't be further from their stated commitments.DIABOLICAL!Be warned.", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "My one-day trip from Brussels to Cologne/ Bonn was a true fiasco because of the delay of the Flixbus buses.In the morning of 01/07, the bus to Cologne/ Bonn (airport) was late for one hour and a half (they notified me about the delay at 6.30, the moment when we were supposed to leave). In the evening, the same day, I was supposed to leave from Cologne/ Bonne (airport) at 21:05. Many people were waiting for the bus and only after one hour after the supposed departure time, Flixbus sent us a SMS saying that the bus will be late for 4 hours and 5 minutes (which in the end were almost 5h).At almost 11 PM there is no train that goes from Bonn to Brussels and no other transportation (except hitchhinking, probably). At 1 o'clock, a bus going to Oostende (via Brussels) parked in the parking area. The driver refused to take a few passengers going to Brussels because our tickets were not valid! I understand his comment, however, since the bus from the same company did not come, it would have been polite to give us an alternative and the option to finally travel to our destination.  Moreover, because drivers' English was limited, we could not communicate and find out why there was such a delay.In the end, after 5 hours of waiting, the bus to Brussels (and then Gent and London) arrived. Drivers did not even mention why caused such a delay and why we have not been informed before our departure about the 5h delay, so we could have potentially find a train to our destinations. I arrived to Brussels at 5 am. In order to avoid all the frustration they caused to me and many other passengers, I think that Flixbus should improve their communication system, train their drivers to answer questions and come up with solutions when such delays happen. They could potentially increase a bit more the prices of the tickets (as they are very cheap at this moment) in order to offer a better service and client support. Moreover, the technology available nowadays could be used to monitor such delays and inform passengers accordingly.", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'I was going to my brother\'s wedding in Stockholm and had booked a bus ticket with FlixBus, it was planned that the bus should run from KBH at 8:30, but when we arrived we received e-mail and SMS that the trip was delayed 55 minutes, so departure was postponed until kl. 9:25 but it may happen that we do not know what it is like. So I was in the apple and realized that I had to wait 55 minutes in the violent rain when all the places offered shelter were taken by other waiting people, and since I would stay to make sure the bus did not come before and drove without me, during the first 30 minutes, it developed from the rain to a heavy shower, so just get some of my shoes, socks and bought clothes dry I sat inside, at the cafe every time a flixbus appeared, I ran into the shower and checked if it was the bus to Stockholm, at. 9:10 arrived another flix bus and like the previous times I ran out to the bus, checked and asked if this was the bus to Stockholm whose departure was delayed at 9:25 "yes yes that\'s correct" the bus driver answered ok ok so I have just 10 minutes to pick up my bag and adjust, even though it takes only a minute to pick up the bags at the cafe. "Other passengers flown into the bus they took water, so I thought of myself so I could get a good one space. When I had my bags on my back and in my hand, the bus drove while I was surprised to observe the driver I had just talked to and the bus I should have been with. was only 9:10 so it should still be a block for the bus heading for Stockholm, but despite the bus it took a block before the new departure time even after giving me and a handful of other passengers wondering that would go another quarter before it left the launch box. When I and the other passengers who had been cheated also called customer service for an explanation and a clear vision of returning a few money, we instead got a clear and cool answer "I should have used your iron to get on the train "if the other passengers can do it too well," and then he pretended to be angry. "It took a train 4 hours later so I reached the wedding but was not part of the police party, and had to pull an extra 600 kr up of the pocket to bring the rope', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "Please don't Flixbus.Here is my story. I booked a trip from Denmark to italy. I cancelled my booking the same day after few hours and got a voucher, which I must use it within 12 months. I called the costumer service and told them I want my money back, because I don't want to travel with bus. They said we can not help. you have to write in a contact form i our website and you will get an autoreplay as a confirmation of that we have recieved your email. I have sent 3 mails, no replay, no answers. I call them again and they say we can see the emails and we can see you did not get a confirmtion. I said ok send the confirmation now please, because it is my right as a costumer. They said no we can not, we can only notify that you have called as and we can see your emails. How can I be sure of that I will get my money back. I have no dokumentation of the three mails I have sent them. And they say we don't know how long time it will take before you hear anything from our company in germany maybe 4-5 weeks. 'OR NEVER'. According to their Purchase Terms and Conditions:9 Cancellation9.1 You can make a cancellation either by booking a different ticket (canceling and new booking) or not using the ticket and getting a subsequent reimbursement for it in accordance with 9.6. Drivers cannot change or cancel bookings for you.9.6 If a ticket for a trip is not used and in case that the carrier is according to 2.2 one of the FlixCompanies then the fare is reimbursed upon request along with the ticket, less a €15 processing fee per passenger and ride, insofar as the passenger cannot establish that no damages or damages for a lesser amount were incurred. The burden of proof for not using the ticket is on the passenger. They don't have costumerservice i Denmark and you call a number which you don't know in which country is. The costumer service is helpless and can't do anything for you. I will do everything to get my money back. When you have a website in Denmark, you must Follow the Danish legislation or close your company. Please don't use your money in this way. You can not trust them.", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Terrible company.I was supposed to travel from Brussels to Eindhoven to catch a flight.The bus was one hour late to departure without any explanation. They just sent a SMS informing of the delay at the time of departure.I called costumer service. It took forever to be answered. No appropriate solution was given. Even though I later spent money on a Uber to try and reach the airport, it was already too late. I lost my flight and ended up wasting a lot of money on a new plane ticket and a hotel night.Plus, there was no wifi available during the trip and the driving was quite bad involving going over sidewalks and almost crashing into other vehicules.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "Terribly unreliable company. Booked a trip to Uppsala for me and three others and then I received an email asking that they set both trips one day before departure. When I call their customer service, they only call one voice saying the number is not in use. All I want is to get my money back but I wonder how it should go when they do not even have a working customer service. The fact that they set up BOTH TRAVEL, without reasonable reason at such a short notice, makes me never ever book a trip by bus again and in addition, I will send me to the General Complaints Board in the near future, so that's really not going to be to.", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Pesimo service, I had to take a bus from Karlsruhe to Stuttgart (50 minutes) so I booked a ticket from 12h10 because my flight was at 3:10 pm but the bus was 3 hours late. That\'s why I lost my flight to Barcelona. Call customer service and what they told me was "send an email with your complaint, I hope you are lucky because I do not think you will be compensated for your lost flight, we could only return your bus ticket". My flight cost 130 euros and the bus 5 euros. Shame. This was yesterday, I will surely go to a lawyer because I send them the emails I have the evidence and it is unfair that they play like this with their clients and they are not responsible. Not even emails respond.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'i Purchased a 99 euro pass on interflix.flixbus on 15th of junemoney was paid though paypal gatewayi just one mail from paypal about receipt thats iti did not receive any voucher or mail from flixbus. also they say my mail id is not validalso paypal says my mail id is not vaildTHEY ARE LIER AND THIEFI WILL GET BETTER SERVICE AND CUSTOMER SATISFACTION IN MY COUNTRY INDIAFLIXBUS IS PATHETIC ...USELESS..PLEASE DO NOT GO FOR IT...SUCH A PATHETIC SERVICE AND POOOOOOOOOOR CUSTOMER CAREONCE THEY TAKE MONEY AND FORGET YOU FOR LIFELONG', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "This is a terrible company. The bus driver wouldn't let me on the bus even though i had all my valid documents for the drive from Köpenhamn to Stockholm. He said I needed a passport even though my Swedish national ID card is fully accepted as a travel document (and the bus went to Sweden). So I followed their terms and conditions but they still denied me the ride.I contacted ther telephone support and they put all the blame on me instead of taking their responsibility. Besides I had to wait almost 30 minutes for them to answer my call. I couldnt even get an ansewer regarding if I would be reimbursed or what kind of expenses they would cover. I am currently spending the night att Malmö central station because there were no later travel options available. Whatever you do, never travel with Flixbus!", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Horrible experience. I was left at the bus stop because (a) my bus arrived 20 minutes late with no signage of the destination (Munich), (b) the bus drivers could provide no information due to their lack of interest in helping and claimed inability to speak English, (c) no information could be provided by customer service or other drivers picking up from the stop about the status of my bus. Will not ride again...', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'So, I think this might be the WORST transport company I ever had to deal with - my story is like this:I booked a trip for Stockholm to Gothenburg and return for June 24-27th 2017.First - something happened with the site while paying for my tickets so I got double charged for the same trip. No matter how many times I called and how many mails I wrote - explaining it\'s a double payment made due to a site error, there was no way to get a refund for it. Once I got an email from the customer service confirming that they checked my case and I\'ll get a refund. But no money back. When I asked again what\'s going on - every time a different person form customer service answered there is no way to get my money back for the double payment - only cancel one booking and get the stupid voucher. Second - and the most stupid - 2 hours before my trip I got sms and mail from Flixbus stating that my "booked ride was cancelled with a short time of notice" and call some number for finding alternatives. 2 HOURS BEFORE!!!! Actually they couldn\'t find any alternatives because there was no other bus going to my direction that day. I had to deal with this by myself, with no refund and no other compensation.Again, when asking for a refund, they told me to write another email to customer service. Brief, till today no answer and no refund for a trip cancelled by Flixbus, only an this email "Delays mostly occur due to external factors, such as weather conditions, last minute changes of bus stops or congestion. We can therefore not be held responsible for such matters." So, they are not responsible for canceling a trip?? Who is then?? And how can I get my money back?Not to mention that they didn\'t bother to let me know the trip was cancelled both ways. They confirmed the return trip and only by calling them the day before I found out this was canceled too, no one from Flixbus bothered to let me know I actually payed for nothing.So, as long as I don\'t have any conversation partner, they take no responsibility for canceling bookings I payed for and I don\'t see any money back, I call this thievery. They just stole my money at this moment.Dear travelers, please stay away from Flixbus - don\'t put your money in it. You risk to pay for nothing other than calls to customer service for trips that are not happening. You risk your nerves and putting yourself in the situation of quickly finding a more expensive way to get to your destination. They are not reliable, there\'s no responsible person to talk to (call center people are ok but they have no ways and no power to help).Avoid FLIXBUS!!! Worst service and attitude towards customers I\'ve ever met.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "A disaster. I had reserved seats from Heidelberg to Frankfurt airport to catch a flight. Twenty minutes before departure time a text told me the bus would be fifty minutes late. Then another announced it would be one hour and twenty five minutes late. I had to buy fast train tickets (ICE) at €25 each to get to the airport on time. Asked for a refund on Flixbus website by email and never even got a reply. If a service like this is time dependant to you don't use Flixbus.", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "Worst customer service I've experienced in this industry! Next time I'm taking the red ticket.", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Extremely poor service and infinitely long response time - Up to 4 weeks before you can get your money back due to server errors that have resulted in double bookings. Their app is even worse than their website, which is also not too good. I have written and written but rarely get answers or any solutions and have not yet seen the 800 kr they owe because of a server error that has made them have withdrawn the money 3 times ... so it could definitely be better', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Cheap tickets but they booked on my trip without notice 4 days before the trip. When the bus I was taken was canceled due to "operating problems" I was instead booked in on a bus that departs 4 hours later! It does not seem like I\'ll be able to get my money back either. Avoid this company and book with a more reliable company instead!', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "What an awful service. Avoid by any means necessary. The service is absolutely crap. They are alway 2+ hours off schedule. Do yourself a massive favor and don't spend a dime on these people.", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Extremely rude bus driver. We brought snacks because we weren\'t able to eat the whole afternoon and thought that it will be okay because there is nothing stated on the FAQS on their website that food is not allowed. While trying to eat we were approached by the bus driver who shouted at us that we are not allowed to eat because we are inside a bus not a restaurant. He shouted that people are getting sick because of the smell of our food when we were eating burgers at that time which wasn\'t smelly at all. It was fine if we were not allowed but he did not stop there and even continually ranted for a few minutes then threathening us that we should leave the bus when right there and then we already stopped eating and was trying to put back our food inside our bags. I told him that we did not know about it and he shouted "STOP!", thus rudely interrupting me while I was explaining. He then proceeded to go to the microphone telling everyone that we are not allowed to eat asian or japanese food or any sort of food. When was it not allowed to eat when you are travelling for almost 3 hours? When did this become an issue? Me and my companion were absolutely humiliated and is now discouraged to ever book with this company again.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Warning for Flixbus. They may even fail to provide a bus with a driver for a booked trip. 2 times they left for a trip without explanation and announced this only after waiting for hours. The customer service is in Germany and believe me, there are nicer places to call, extremely arrogant. It was a big mistake to order a trip from them. Great warning for the company !!!!!', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Do Not Use Flixbus!My friend and I bought round-trip tickets from Innsbruck to Bolzano. We arrived 15 minutes before the bus was scheduled to depart; we waited 2 hours, and the bus never came. Another Flixbus driver called the company and was told that the bus arrived and no one was waiting, so it left. Unless it was more than 15 minutes early, this is simply not true (and if it was more than 15 minutes early, it should have waited). We have been unable to get a refund, so we spent 44 euros for a trip that never happened. Use a different bus company; Flixbus is crooked.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'I booked with Flixbus for an overnight service from Karlsruhe to Prague because it was the only direct bus on that day departing late enough for me to catch at the end of a business trip. Booking went smoothly, I got several confirmations by e-mail, the latest one at the morning of tdeparture. However, approximately two hours before the planned departure, I received an SMS informing me (with a very formal apology) that the bus was cancelled, that I have been transferred to an alternative route and that all additional information has been sent to me by e-mail. Since I do not own a smartphone, I had no way to access my e-mail, so I had to phone the non-stop service line of Flixbus. It took two attempts to be connected to a (very polite!) English-speaking assistant, and then some effort to persuade her that repeated sending of the e-mail won´t help me and that I really need at least the time of departure, service No and, most importantly, my individual code over the phone. Why couldn´t they send this information in the original SMS??Moreover, itr turned out that the alternate route involves an almost two hours stopover at Frankfurt in the middle of the night (departure 00.15). The bus was late for both parts of the journey - approx. an hour for the first (there I at least got an SMS announcing a 40 min delay due to heavy traffic) and about half an hour for the second (no info from the company) .Both in Karlsruhe and in Frankfurt the boarding took place (and the travellers had to wait!) at a place that fell deep below the standards of a small town bus stop e.g. of the 1980ies Czechoslovakia , which at least usually had a shelter, something to sit on, and a public toilet, or at least some useable bushes  nearby. The toilet of the Karlsruhe bus station was out of service, and walking the 600m to the closet loo at the Frankfurt main station before midnight through a building site frequented by some shadowy figures was not a pleasant experience!. Green busses seemed to be coming at random times and stopping at random places, resulting in the crowd of passengers running around (with all luggage) to find out whether this happens to be their connection. I do not wish to imagine what would the place look like in continuous heavy rain!While the ride itself was OK, I would have been more than happy to pay more in exchange for a better service at stops. At least in Frankfurt it would perhaps be worth investing into an info-screen in the window of the Flixbus office at the bus stop to announce incoming buses.  I also frankly do not understand why FlixBus decided that people who are not all the time online deserve to be treated as second class citizens.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "I've done a lot of coach travelling in the past and this was the first time I used Flixbus from Ghent to London. They are without a doubt the worst company I've ever had the misfortune to use. They left me stranded in Belgium when I had conflicting messages from their text service which stated my coach was late and the customer service team who told me it had already left. I had to book another coach with EuroBus (who have never let me down) and find accommodation for one more night.I've been trying to get a refund for almost a month now and I've heard nothing. I've tried to talk to someone in their customer service team and all that happens again and again is I get put on hold for over 15mins until I get fed up that I put down the phone (or on the odd occasion the line goes dead).DO NOT USE AT ALL COSTS.", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Due. Errors on the company website - which stated that orders did not go through, I was charged for double ticket. The company denied that the error was with them and paid out the full amount. I can not recommend this company.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "This is the first time I have booked through flixbus but the service is very poor. While entering voucher and making the payment using card, I could not book it and it showed continuous error for two hours. And when I called and booked it through phone,obviously  I it was an international call n there is no toll free no,the call charge and the extra charge of the ticket I paid. After the booking was confirmed over call, I checked the same bus price and which was as low as 23.5 EUR. Unfortunately I paid more than 26 EUR and again the extra charges of call just because there was error in app or website. Can't be error with my card because same card was used over call n it was successful.This overall experience was annoying and took 3 hours of my time.", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'I do not recommend. Regular hourly delays. Zero and arrogant customer service. Whatever is better than this company.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'delay forever and no notice to passenger. And you will never know will the bus come or not.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "I used Flixbus regularly between Antwerp and Utrecht. While they're service was always poor, it used to be acceptable given the price. Lately however, Flixbus appears to have given up any pretense of being on time. I'm usually delayed by around one hour, and this for a trip that's supposed to take 1:45. Recently I was delayed by over 2 hours, didn't get any notifications from Flixbus, and couldn't reach the customer service despite waiting in their call queue for over 30 minutes. Cheap prices and good buses, sure, but their customer service is as bad as it gets.", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "Left 50 passengers stranded at Victoria's station yesterday. Bus to Düsseldorf due to leave at 20.30 was cancelled at 23.40. Bus was supposed to be at 20:30 yesterday evening. At 20:25 passengers were told it was delayed for 40 mins. Then they were told 2hrs 5mins. Then at 23:40, after all their staff had left, received text messages saying the bus had been cancelled. Leaving everyone stuck  in London with no way of getting to Germany to catch onward connections. To make matters worse, the total lack of any customer service by them led to a whole busload of passengers being stuck overnight in London. I have missed a long distance flight connection. The cancellation email told us to call customer services to rearrange, but they had all gone home at 11:30, as had the lone rep at the bus station. She did a runner before we found out it was cancelled. The company also failed to provide food, drink and assistence that they are legally required to do after a delay of three or more hours. 24 hour help line not even answered!DISGRACEFUL  DISGRACEFUL", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'When I booked, website didn\'t work.During booking with CS agent, forgot to book my return journey.. hence ended up paying extra service fee.Threw non existent options at me when I missed a connecting bus.Promised resolution in 2 weeks and 3 have gone by...Language consists of "will revert soon", "cannot promise when we will reply, but asap"', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "Arrogant and racial staff. Used only German language inspite of knowing English well and that two on international service. On reminding says don't argue or will not allow you to board", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'I\'ve made this Berlin Paris return journey twice now and the only thing I wish is next time to be able to book enough in advance to be able to afford plane tickets. NO MORE BUS! I really never write reviews but this is too much the German drivers are SOOO RUDE they shout at people like we\'re cattle - literally! They seem to have completely forgotten that the people they transport are CUSTOMERS WHO PAY THEIR SALARIES! They sometimes try to make a few jokes at the beginning of the travel but good luck understanding it\'s only in German. This "sympathy" doesn\'t compensate their rudeness at all in my opinion. - Don\'t put any fragile items in you bag going in the lock it will be (every time) thrown literally on the floor and in/off the lock as a piece of garbage in the trash - and they\'re very likely to throw bags on top of yours. - I write this as we just went out for a 5min break and in the middle of the break someone was walking a bit too far for the driver\'s (or should I say Kommandant?!) taste. The driver went completely mad and shouted at him to come back (I guess, German again...) and cancelled the break for everyone shouting all passengers to get back on the bus. "no brain, no break" ("kein kopf" that\'s all I understood with my bad German level) - And last but not least... Don\'t forget your ID it\'s been twice now I see people getting denied the access to the bus. Story#1: Tears, shouting, familiy stuck at the Paris bus station at 9pm with no care, rudeness, and no compassion whatsoever. No solution offered for them either for where to spend the night, they are left on the street just because one person amongst 6 have no proper ID?! But they have loads of papers, they paid their tickets, they have small babies, they look totally desperate and the only thing you find is to shout at them in German and a few English words?! "NO PASSPORT NO BUS!".... Honestly after that you leave and make jokes? Personally as a passenger I feel awful and disgusted to be in this bus, leaving Paris with a family in tears on the parking. Story#2: leaving Berlin this time. They made a woman cry again. She is pregnant and she has a ticket but apparently not the right ID?! It last about 15 minutes of shouting at her and her crying. Everyone is kind of boarding, she\'s going to be left in the evening at the bus station. Fortunately a girl speaking German starts being on her side and shout at the driv-Kommandant and they all finally realised that she - as a EU citizen - has the right to travel in this bus and her ID papers are enough. She finally got in the bus... Lucky EU passport... NOW SERIOUSLY GUYS YOU ARE ONLY BUS DRIVERS MENT TO BRING PEOPLE FROM POINT A TO POINT B. Although I understand you are responsible for the security and respect of the rules of the company, being human shouldn\'t be an option.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "Flixbus, more like flakebus. My father had a flixbus from Amsterdam to Brussels at 3 pm, he then had to catch a train from Brussels to London. The flixbus never showed up! We waited for 1.5 hours and when the bus finally did show up the driver very rudely told everyone that the bus wouldn't leave till 5:30. I didn't receive any text or update from Flixbus till 5 pm, so late so we had no idea what was going on. There is absolutely no info or customer service available. The bus was 1.5  late arriving as well. Horrible service, unreliable buses, save your money and time and book other services like Ouibus that are on time and the bus drivers aren't rude and flippant. Never booking FLixbus again!", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'I think it was crazy smart one could book through an APP until I found out both of their reservations limited as well as cancellation is bug cumbersome. One can easily book a room if you are in good time (there were 888 more flexible with more seats) However, if you cancel your booking, you can only get a proof of payment for a start - where they deduct an amount - fair enough but when you have to return your money, they are hard-hitting! There is no information on how to get your money back - but after a long wait on the phone to someone very bad and sure people get a miserable guide and you are informed that it costs a fee to get their money back! After over a week - no reply via emal - other than a German aotub confirmation - I will call in again and after 20 minutes of purchase I will know that the payment will take 4 weeks! VERY BAD SERVICE !!!', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Poor experience, unacceptable and rude. We bought two Geneva-Lyon tickets and another Lyon-Barcelona connection. The first bus delayed two hours arrived in Lyon and logically we had lost the next connection. We made a claim to customer service they justified themselves saying that we had to make the purchase with more than two hours of difference between one and another bus and regrettable could not return the money because it was not their fault. We lost our trip, I worked that day and money. No one is responsible for the mistakes they make. I would never travel with them again. It is worth mentioning many very annoying people that day for so much irresponsibility. This was on May 23, 2017.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "27/4 I and another woman were rejected in Copenhagen by an arrogant and sour driver on the grounds that driving licenses are not sufficient to Oslo. Had to book a new ticket for the next departure where no passport was required. The Swedish grassroots police were completely unaware of the bus company's behavior as there is Scandinavian passport. Have written and painted and called Flixbus without any kind of reply or refund of lost tickets for a value of 700 kr. This is the first and last time I travel with Flixbus.", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "Zero charging ports. Bus driver can't speak English even though he has to service England. WiFi doesn't work if more than two people connect to it you cannot connect to it. Just ridiculous, was super late as well.", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "I'm taking the time to write this review while on vacation. I hope it helps prevent others from going through the same horrible experience that I went through with Flixbus.It all began on a Monday, when my wife and I missed our bus. The Paris Flixbus depot is just a make shift parking lot with no numbers, no announcements, the only thing around are a bunch of people aimlessly wandering around looking for their bus like a zombie apocalypse. Anyways, We miss the bus because we couldn't figure out where the bus was.  We go to the little temporary shed/booth that's 20 meters from the entrance and tell the attendant our situation. She tells us the only thing we can do is call customer service. We call customer service. They explain to us that there is nothing they can do with their system and that if we want to rebook we need to e-mail.We e-mail. We receive an e-mail back an hour later, in the fine print it states that it may take several days for them to review our e-mail. After reading that we called back and had to demand to speak to a manager and tell them that we needed to rebook for the next bus (which was the next day). The manager hooked us up with a voucher for 89.00 euro (our tickets were 120.00 euro, but thats fine). We get our ticket.THE NEXT DAY ON THE N100 TO BERLIN...June.5th Monday 2017 21:00.  We make sure this time to run around the parking lot checking every single bus that pulls in and out. Our bus gets in and about 50 people run up to it. There's no line up, no organization. Just the bus driver yelling at everyone in German. We it comes to our turn the bus driver screams at us about the painting we have with us (which is in cardboard) It was 24X30X2 inches. We didn't understand what he was screaming was that we weren't allowed to bring it with us. We offered to pay extra and he REFUSED that it comes with us. I observed a bicyles, a guitar case, and other odd thing but our painting wasn't allowed for some reason. After both my wife and I beg and pled we finally asked if the painting was removed from the frame if it could come (there was no glass btw, very simple wood frame). He kind of nodded his head. So we remove the frame. At this point every one is on the bus with their luggage. He looks at the canvas and scoffs saying it's still not good enough. He gets on the bus, now our luggage was on board too underneath everyone else so the driver didn't want to get our luggage. He was going to drive off with it. A woman handed us a knife and we had to cut out painting off the wood on its back and roll it up. My wife was crying as she watched me be forced to destroy our painting. (Her deceased family member painted it in the 1930's)Everyone was on the bus watching in horror, a few people asked the driver to just let us bring our painting. He didn't care. When we finally got to Berlin as people got off the bus they started to get their own luggage. The driver yelled some more and started LEGIT throwing peoples bags off the bus. Completely horrible customer service. No compassion or humanity. The whole thing felt comparable to a scene out of a jail movie.", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "Drivers rude and non-cooperativeAny kind of safety control on who will take the bus and what they carry inside for example , you will find there  since delinquents to undocumented rude and unpolite people , I've seen in a bus how some kind of undesirable people threatened hardly two little girls who were asking for a bit of silent and respect in a 12 hours overnight trip Think in another means of transport before doing flixbus", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'IF YOU DON\'T WANT TO MISS YOUR HOLIDAY, FORGET ABOUT FLIXBUS!!!I supposed to spend my weekend in Antwerpen and I ordered the ticket from Amsterdam to Antwerpen. That is the start of mistake! The bus driver denied my boarding after check in my ticket. The reason is that Dutch ID card is not valid unless I have the passport combine with my Dutch ID card. I was shocked, since I never bring my Passport for bus traveling especially such short distance trip between Belgium and The Netherlands. Then I showed the driver my passport copy combined with my ID card. He still not allowed me onboarding the bus. He said "For you it is not okey." I knew he just want to find a reason to deny my boarding and ruin my holiday. And the driver said, "Get away from here! I dont want to talk to you! This is The Neterlands, you have to follow the rule!" Are you kidding me? The way they treat their clients are super rude. I am not your child. I lived here over five years, and this is really my first time angry about the client service. The funny part is after half an hour, the other flixbus stopped by and asking the customers to show the ID card OR passport to onboard the bus. So? Why can\'t I onboard? Because of my skin color? You racist company Flixbus! Never again!', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "Terrible experience. My whole suitcase got lost. The driver told us not to bring any luggage in the bus cause he said the bus was full. Turns out FLix doesn't take any responsibility for the lost!!!! NEVER TRAVEL WITH THIS COMPANY!!!!", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "I would never ever take this bus again! My trip got delayed by 17hours! Got stuck in Brussels for 7h, had to spend a night on the streets, because flix bus customer service haven't offered any help. The customer service lady promised to call me back with the solution and she never did. The bus drivers were not helpful either. Eventually, I got through to them, the only solution that they could offer was another bus which meant my trip will take14h longer than it supposed to. She refused to pay for my train ticket as it was over 80€. Not having any other option, I agreed to take the other bus -  Brussels - Nuremberg. The lady did not motioned that I had to wait for another bus in Stuttgart for another 4hours. So I have waited there for 4hours, when I received the message that the bus will be late. The bus was late around 3h...  So in total I waited for 7 hours in Stuttgart!  So instead of 18hours, my trip took around 38hours. What a customer service ! Never ever again!", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'i had a bus from groningen to berlin which arrived 90 minutes late and had no wifi when it advertised as having so. the bus back from berlin to groningen arrived 60 minutes late but had no real traffic during the journey.They really need to update their estimated arrival times. We had no real traffic and still way off the schedule in both directions. Maybe they know if they state the true length of their trips that less people buy tickets?', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "The first time the bus arrived after an hour and I was told that the bus driver just fell asleep and they had to send someone else , that's why we had to wait out in the cold for an hour . We didn't get any money or an extra ticket or something of course... the next time there was a delay they didn't bother to tell us why they just came 1 hour later without any notice (a message or something). I missed my flight but they didn't seem to bother anyway. The third time my elderly parent take the bus to go to the airport. It was supposed to be on time but of course it wasn't. So my father kindly asked because he thought  he will miss the flight . Of course the driver didn't answer in English so he said that I speak German and if it was possible to talk to me then he will be grateful. The driver was rude und said he didn't want to speak to anyone! So my father didn't know if he will be on time if he will get his flight and of course what happens next . Thanks flxbus that was the last time I will go anywhere with you ! First learn your drivers to speak right and be on time and then I will think about it to say anything nice about this company.", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "Second time flixbus came later on 50 minutes. This time they gave bus from Prague to Warsaw with drivers that couldn't find stops in the cities. If you have possibility to use other companies would be better not to use flixbus", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "The bus was over 2 hours late, no apologies whatsoever were recieved. Plus, they haven't notified us until the bus was already late for approx. 20 minutes. In addition, I've left an item on the bus (and it wasn't something a person would take, nothing valuable) and Flixbus staff sent me an e-mail saying they haven't found it. I've talked to soooo many people who had the same experience - nothing was ever found, which sounds extremely exaggerated.The worst experience ever.", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Heloo i travel whit flix  bus from mmemingen to berlin  and from berlin to copenhagen  WARNING!!!!!! The drivers are hand in hand whit a group of thiefs thei are 3 or 4 that get in the bus  and go to the first stop and  com back whit other drivers   in berlin zob  are another 4 guys  thei small  dark colour and speacking   maracon or arabic   1 stays at the dor  whit a supose tiket and the others stai on the left of the dor and thei wach  when the driver asks for your id  thei see your whalet and the money that you have   be careful  if you whant dont belive me but i am an  ex fast intervention oficer  for 10 years i know what i am sayng   JUST BE CAREFUL IS HARD IN ANOTHER COUNTRI WHIT NO DOCUMENT  SO SAFE TRYP AND F.UCK THIS COMPANI  THE DRIVERS  THAT ARE WHIT THE GRUP THEI ARE DRIVING ME TOADAY 14.05.2017 FROM BERLIN TO COPENHAGEN  THE BUS TO STOCKHOLM   I AM SRY FOR MY ENGLISH I HOPE YOU UNDERSTAND', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Not recommended for a planned trip. Is unreliable. Never FlixBus anymore.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'I lost my backpack in a flixbus I put the claim immediately and no answer for the bus transportation yet!I call their call center and they told me that the only way they can answer is by email!', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "They lost my backpack from Paris Porte Maillot (17.04.2017 22.45) to Frankfurt airport (18.04.2017 7.15) because might be someone took it in another city. I still don't understand what was happening.I argued with the drivers because his fault - not my fault!! were so rude and they didn't care about their mistake. U should have system to control the luggage - not only depend on passenger good willing.Kindly help to solve this problem as soon as possible.", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "I departed on 14/04/2017 at 22:15 in bus N23 of this company, going from Essen to Berlin. Reservation num 8036801895When we stopped at Leipzig at 4:40 to change buses I was surprised that my backpack wasn't in the luggage compartment, where I was obligated to put it, and the driver Björn Borrmann said it was probably stolen. Just like that. Acting like this is a really common thing that happens everyday, he didn't care at all. I'm impressed how a trashy company like this can survive in Germany and how you don't give any help/assistance to a client that is in a really bad situation and it's your fault. Now I'm in Berlin with no clothes, camera and any of my belongings, needing to use the money I would use in the trip to buy all the basic stuff. And all I get when I call flixbus is a guy telling me to fill the Lost and Found form on the website.  I'm sending by email a police report I made at the Federal Police Station in Leipzig with the name of the driver, the company and all the lost items. I truly hope I'll be compensated for this nightmare and the clearly gross negligence of the driver and the company, cause I've never seen in any other country a client and his belongings being treated with such disregard. Hope you contact me with a solution very soon so I don't have to go for a lawsuit, and believe me, I will, I'm truly determined to get back what you lost.", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "It makes absolutely no sense that musicians should pay 9 euros to bring their instrument IN THE TRUNK. I was met by rude and very unfriendly staff, who wouldn't accept my guitar in the bus even though the bus was almost empty. And yes it would fit safely in the overhead storage. Then I had to pay 9 euros to leave it in with the other baggage. A guitar is no larger than a regular bag - just shaped differently, so why the hell does it cost so much even when the bus is empty and it was my only bag. Terrible staff, no will to communicate, only demonstrating their power starting our conversation with a really bad attitude and their will not to bring me onboard. You start your day happy and in a friendly tone but the personnel will bring you down. Stunned.", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Worst service ever! We had to wait at the bus stop in cold weather for 2  hours! Instead of reaching in afternoon we reached in the evening!There was no proper response from the customer service. No advance notification. This crap service must be avoided at all cost.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Been waiting from Rome to Naples almost 2 hours when finally the bus arrived went inside after an hour sitting there toilet on board does not work oh and they dont even talk about compensation', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "I travelled from Frankfurt to London on 10th April. The bus had a connection at cologne south airport at 9.05 pm. It got delayed by 7 hrs and I got a message about a free travel coupon by flixbus. Which I have not yet received. This is a different issue but more importantly please read what happened that night.I must say this was a nightmare journey for me and all other passengers. I would briefly tell what happened:1. The bus was at 9.05 pm in the night. First we got a message that bus will be delayed by one hr. That was fine. Then after an hour we got message that delayed by 3.hrs. Then after another 2 hrs we got message that delayed by 4hrs 40mts, then got message that delayed by 6hrs 40mts and then got message that delayed by 6 hrs 55mts. So everyone lost patience, children of passengers crying etc. Can a bus get delayed by 7 hrs? Shouldn't have a new bus been arranged in this time?2. There was no provision for passengers stay arranged during this delay time. It was our luck that the pickup point was airport, so we got in and could somehow manage this time. Think of it was in some remote place or think of someone who is getting in from a remote pick up point.3. Heater not working in bus. Though it is April, but still at night it was cold enough and we required heater, but it was not working. 4. Toilet out of order in bus. Imagine people waiting whole night for the bus and then the heater not working and on top of it toilets also out of order. We were not able to use toilets till 12 noon, till we reached the checkpoint. I had office urgent meetings and had a bad face in office. I Had to apply for leave. Can surely say my worst ever journey of life. Who is going to compensate for all these.", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Flixbus or how to charge a trip twice !!! I have never seen a customer service as rotten as theirs! A refund system that does not work even 15 minutes before departure, of course we pay new tickets With the insurance of the seller on the spot that the refund is "a no-brainer". Oddly since we asked them the refund process more response despite the reminders. It\'s been 3 weeks since I asked for an answer and I have none. No wonder The note also low with such dishonest behavior!', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'My son had missed the 8pm bus from Amsterdam to London, but managed to buy a ticket for the next one at 9pm. Although he had the booking ref and his payment details he had no means to produce a copy of the ticket due to no access to phone or printer. The driver refused him entry to the bus, leaving him stranded alone in a strange city.Flixbus have actually refunded the unused tickets but will not compensate for all the additional transport costs to get him home. And they will not apologise for the distress caused. BEWARE.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "Worst journey I've ever had, considering it was my first ever coach trip. From the beginning the bus arrived two hours late to Victoria and before we even took off we were informed the toilet were not in operation considering it was a 12 hour journey. The driver didn't seem to know the way out of central London so we spent near to an hour going around in circles until a passenger took it upon themselves to direct him. When we finally got towards the channel tunnel, the driver adviced us all to take a 15 minutes break but he decided to disappear and take a break for up to an hour leaving us all standing outside the coach looking like idiots and this caused us to miss our crossing towards France.No apologies were given and the driver didn't appear to give a s***t quite frankly. When we finally got to France, the driver took so long to exit the ferry train that we were shut in which caused us to be even more delayed. Enroute in France the driver decided to divert down a country road and to our shock he decided to drop a passenger off in front of their house claiming the lady had kids. When passengers decided to confront him about the situation he got on the microphone and blamed us all for the situation even though there was no form of communication from him at all. Over four hours in France and when a passenger asked if we could stop at the nearest service station the driver replied and announced in an unprofessional manner that we can all get off and use the toilet and if we want we can sleep in the toilets as he's got all day to spend. It is now 21:02 and so far we've been on this 12 hours journey for over 10 hours and we're not even half way yet. The service today has been absolutely appalling and if I could rate it below a one star I would. Every passenger on the bus feels the same way and as we've been treated like we were on a free ride, I would like to request all my money back as the service we've received today has not amount to the payment we've all made for this journey. Because of this terrible service I and many other passengers have missed connecting flights, trains, coaches and important appointments. I would never use this company again and I advice everyone else to stay away.", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "I booked tickets from Hamburg to flensburg, it supposed to be at 18.15, but the bus was late two hours. I always take extra time in case it's going to be late, but that much I didn't expect, no return money. In the middle of the bus station all passengers were freezing. And Flensburg wasn't my last stop because I had the bus at 22.08, unfornutely bus took us from Hamburg to Flensburg just at 20 o'clock. So I couldn't make it for my last bus to Denmark. I don't have any friends where I could probably stay until the morning. So I came to Flensburg at 22.30 and I didn't know what to do it was cold and late, by the way I'm a girl student. So you can understand I was hopeless. What do you think I suppose to do? I took a taxi and paid 55 eur to get to my home. FlixBus didn't care at all, I was telling them everything and no reaction. So if you have chance to take train or something else just don't take the FlixBus NEVER!!!", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'FLIXBUS left me, my old mother and my 9-year-old twins in a dark, closed and cold bus station in Hamburg in the middle of the night without giving notice. The other FLIXBUS drivers could see that there were no changes on this bus route, either delays or anything. But FLIXBUS never appeared - and we had to buy a train ticket home when the train station opened the next morning!', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'My experience has not been good. / NOT GOOD EXPERIENCE1- The driver and his companion (especially the companion who was like a kind of guide or controller) was super antipatico and repellent.2- my friend was not allowed to go up because they said that the identity document that she presented It was valid, even having used this same document in other trips with this same company. He had to stay on land, lose the money from the ticket, and buy another train ticket with another company.3 Despite announcing by active and passive the use of free Wi-Fi available, I did not have access to it in the whole journey. From the minute 1 that I wanted to connect, I got a screen with: It has exceeded the time of free wifi.4 We arrived at our destination with 45 minutes of delay. And even going late, the driver paused to pick us up and another break of 30 minutes halfway. In short, NEVER AGAIN I will buy again with this company. I will NEVER MORE buy tickets with this company.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "We use from Brussels to London. First arrived 45 minutes late. Despite having been waiting at the place described in the e-mail sent before, it was passed through there and was not picked up, so we asked the customer center for support along with other passengers (14 people in addition to me) It was. Originally it was right that there was correspondence such as arranging other bus or repayment immediately. However, the customer center who called the first and second cases did not accept it at all and the third event finally got arranged to the bus at the next hour. At that point 3 hours passed since the original departure time. Moreover, I told that I was thru bused and could not get on, but I was 45 minutes late but I stopped at the station properly. Clearly later, it seems that it stopped and waited on the road one way ahead from where we should stop. I could not get on without noticing it and explained as if we have non-existence. And the next time the bus was arranged an additional 7 hours from there. Of course, the hotel in London that I had booked on that day was not cancelable at that time, so I wasted for one night, the station shop and the toilet closed for midnight departure, a fight between hunger and cold. I was worried that if I could not get on the next bus, I was waiting at the same position as before, and if I was waiting after I thought I was going to chase it, I was thrown through and it chased with a suitcase. I waited as usual at other stops, there is no announcement even though it is not a place to stop, no maps are corrected. It's really overly terrible. Although it was stated that there is wifi, power supply, in-flight sale, none of the buses I got wiped out. And the driver's correspondence is bad anyhow. I shouted at the customer in peace, and I kept waiting for seven hours but no apologies. I had expected but I did not get in touch with anything. In the 45 minutes I wait for the bus that was supposed to be on the first ride, it is told that I do not know anything when it is getting into another flixbus driver and I will not try to contact the company at all. Resentful against poor correspondence, some of the other guests cried, others were trembling with cold. There is no choice but to delay the bus. However, it is a company that does not work at all in response to something, care for customers. It was my first time traveling in Europe. Of course, I will never use it again, but if you are prepared to call for a long time by calling a customer center by myself, even if there is a delay or some trouble, I will use it for future use. I would like you to return one night's fee which has been wasted instead of full refund.", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "I arrived at the Victoria coach station at least 15 mins before my journey departure time 21:30 (13/05/17). CCTV footage would actually prove this. I had time to stop at the shop to buy sweets for my overnight journey to Amsterdam.When I arrived at the departure gate there was a crowd of people already there. The coach for Amsterdam was sitting there with the driver in his seat. I thought it strange that passengers were not boarding so I waited and waited. There was no last call, or indication that they were still boarding. Obviously the driver has a list of passengers with my name NOT ticked off. But no announcement. The coach was dark so I could not see any passengers on board. Then the coach left.If they were still boarding why was the driver sitting in the coach, doing nothing for that whole time I was waiting, with no one to indicate boarding? I have been calling Flixbus customer service in Germany and France all night until I was told to call and speak to a Manager in the morning. In the morning no Manager or Supervisor was willing to speak with me. They were very rude and simply insisted that their bus was on time. What is the point of being on time if your driver is sitting at the wheel? This incident can be proved by CCTV footage at the station but they don't seem to care... Everything they do in online, they have no physical representation at the Coach station. Maybe the driver was online as well?So here I am now still in London, when I should be in Amsterdam this morning. I had to book accommodation for the night. So I intend to take National Express tonight. They have a customer service that is accessible in UK and elsewhere.I finally continued my journey with Eurolines and felt much safer, comfortable and reassured. Especially since they have physical representatives in place throughout most of Europe as well as speedy online and phone response. It's not so easy dealing with companies that are only online and have no real reps as everything feels up in the air as it did with Flixbus and more so its highly unlikely that such virtual companies would take responsibility for their actions or lack of.", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "Our bus supposed to depart at 23:50. Now it's 02:00 and we will depart in 40 minutes only hopefully. And we weren't informed about it ahead. It's awful. Also the driver quarreled with passengers threatening to kick us off the bus if we didn't let him sleep. Maybe the last thing could be explained but such delay couldn't be justified anyhow.", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "My bus was delay 50mins. I couldn't see any information on website either on mobile app. When I was sitting in the bus I got my message which says my bus will be delay but didn't say for how many mins. I wanted to sit downstairs as upstairs was quite full but I couldn't. Driver couldn't read my mobile ticket and were really disagreeable. My suitcase were thrown to the luggage storage without any system. Wifi didn't work at allBasel-Milano 9.3.2017", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'We r short staying tourist were book the bus thru mobile phone n got confirmed booking from flixbus. Our trip were brussel to amsterdam. 10 minutes before embarked we show our confirm booking over my mobile to the driver then the answer was, we have to print out the booking otherwise we cannot go. After some talked then he start open his mobile, our name was there. At last we could get on. After 15 minutes late before the bus move, the driver warned all the pasanger has to maintain the cleanliness of the bus n bla bla... He thought we came from jungle or what ? When we arrived, again he check the bus before opening the door with very unpolite words. He reckoned we were his stupid student or what? Asking for a lift ?The driver really had no manner at all....', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "CPH -HAM, getting charged even though the ticket doesn't specify anything about oversized bags. You could argue the size of the bag is two pieces of medium sized luggage put in a line. We're allowed 2pcs of big luggage and 1small each.Very bad experience! Unaware, poor customer support from the driver and his colleague. Never travelling with them again.", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "Since flixbus ask us to be 15minutes earlier at the bus I would expect much more punctuality. Today the bus should be on the road at 8:00 and it only started it's course at 8:15... I wouldn't suggest this company to no one who likes punctuality.Flixbus please fix this or I would gladly consider using other companies.", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "I travelled by Flixbus 3 weeks ago, when I arrived in my destination, the driver didn't return my suitcase and left. I called the costumer service immidietly, but they vere totally not helpful and inpolite, I filled up the lost and found form on their webpage, but still didn't receive any information, until today I do not know if my suitcase was found and if I will ever get it back.", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'As mentioned many times via emails and recorded phone calls to Flixbus call centers in various countries, we have reported within minutes after subject trip’s bus took off without allowing us to collect our luggage from the luggage container (As you will notice while consulting the CCTV installed in this bus). And again, please understand that once the bus stopped in its designated stop in Amsterdam, the driver stridently requested all passengers to rapidly evacuate the bus. Though we arrived around 30 minutes before scheduled time, the driver took off within very very few minutes after stopping (((without checking that the bus is clean and that all passengers took off with all their items from the luggage container))) while we were still finding our way towards the bus front door after a 6-7 hours trip and noting that we were sitting in the very back. This has led us to call on him to let him know that we are still inside which made him scream at us using unpleasant tone / words and factually threw us 150 meters after the initial stop and immediately continue his way keeping our luggage with him. This should be investigated thoroughly and our luggage need to be found  (we informed you minutes after this unprofessional driver threw us in a non bus stop area and ran away). Our luggage contain extremely valuable items including laptops, work backups and vital documents not to mention all travelling necessities! You could have easily figured the driver mobile number when we called minutes right after he threw us and made necessary arrangements to avoid all this. Thank you for treating tourists this way. Escalation is needed please.John Abou Elias & Omar KheirTicket number: 8032479685', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'I strongly advice to avoid Flixbus.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Booked a bustrip from Hamburg to Kolding, Denmark, to mark the end of a skiing vacation. When booking, it is made very clear that oversized luggage is permitted on board, even though you have to register it through their customer service on phone. And this must be done, earliest 2 days before departure. Weird. It then turns out that there is no room for a snowboard-bag, thus forcing us to cancel the booking, which left us with a voucher, that can only be redeemed for another bus ride. Scummy. So here we are, in Austria, without knowing when or how we are going to get home. What a waste of money and time. Not recommendable at all.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "They lost my backpack from Brussels to Prague because the drivers left it in another city, I still don't understand why! After a month the company hasn't been able to give me an answer about a refund or something. The drivers were so rude and they didn't care about their mistake. They treated me really bad because I don't speak German. Please don't travel with them! Just find another better companies and don't leave your luggage if you can take it with you.", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "Let me start this review by pointing out that Flixbus advertise themselves during the winter months as an easy and cheap way to get to the Alps or other skiing/snowboarding destinations. I can unequivocally say that if you plan to do this, and also plan to bring your own skis/snowboards, you're fresh out of luck. While it is true that Flixbus have provisions for taking oversized luggage (at a cost of 9 EUR per item), you are not guaranteed to be able to put this luggage on the bus. The real problem lies in the fact that passengers are only able to find out if they can take their oversized luggage or not 48 hours before departure, at the EARLIEST. Imagine our surprise when we called Flixbus (as is the procedure), the day before we were due to leave, only to find out that due to the fact it was a double decker bus, we would be unable to bring our snowboarding equipment.This then set in motion a sequence of communications between myself and Flixbus in order for me to get a refund for the trip, which all told took over 2 months. Flixbus' customer service agents were mostly agreeable and polite, although some were flat out rude. And despite trying on multiple occasions I never managed to get a supervisor on the phone. The way in which Flixbus handled my case for refund was unacceptable. I was forced to chase up my case on multiple occasions, as it is impossible to get the finance department on the phone. The case was dragged out by the fact that Flixbus only refunded me half the trip after I was explicitly told I would get the whole trip refunded. This then forced me to go through the whole process again, which took even longer the second time. In the end they refunded me the whole trip, but as it was two different cases one after the other, they charged me the service fee twice, which I find absolutely ridiculous. To sum up, Flixbus has terrible customer service (politeness aside), and ridiculous terms and conditions. If their goal is to lose customers, they have certainly succeeded. I will never use Flixbus again, nor would I recommend Flixbus to anyone at all.", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "I've used Flixbus many times because of the affordable prices, yet in the past few months I had really unpleasant experience because of double booking, as in, they charged me twice (TWICE! it's not like I am taking it everyday! still you managed to let it happen twice in a month!). sure, there is always technical problems right? can't blame them for that. So I sent them a message, no response, called them, told me that they will refund it in a couple of weeks. THREE MONTHS PASSED! NO, NOTHING! IT'S NOT A LOT OF MONEY BUT WHAT YOU'RE DOING IS WRONG! IMAGINE HOW MUCH MONEY THEY GOT JUST BY DOING THIS! THEFT!just called in again today, got exactly the same answer : we will refund you in a couple of weeks. it's all bullocks, I will never travel with flixbus again, nor will I recommend it to my friends, in fact, i will tell everyone to avoid it.", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "On the 8/02/2017 5.30 pm linea 519 FLIXBUS for Aosta at the stop 'Milano San Donato' as usual the bus stop over there around 10'I gently inform the driver that I will use the loo and so I get off from the bus When I come back after maybe 5' max the bus was gone!!!!!!!!!!Then I urgently take a taxi because my bag also was in the bus and I try to catch the bus on the next stop At Milano  Lampugnano, during the trip try to call the call centre of flixbus explain my situation and they say the could NOT DO ANYTHING !!! So after spending 80euro on top for taxi I had to call a friend that kindly went to pick up my bag at the Aosta stop (god blessing her) and I took another 17euro of bus with another company to finally reach my destination,Aosta,on this case.I told the receptionist that I m sick of a type of Cancer and on the bag they were my medication so was an emergency situation !!!!!NO humanity was showing off !!!! They said I had to filling the form for lost luggage  and that s it.", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "On January 16th my boyfriend tried to order tickets from Copenhagen to Hamburg and back. Twice he tried to confirm the order, but right after entering his credit card information an error occurred. I tried to do the order the next day that went wrong - it didn't work until I used my PayPal-account. I got an order confirmation from the PP-order, but nothing but that. On January 18th we all in all got the order confirmations from the orders that didn't go through. We now had ten tickets - six from CPH-HAM and four HAM-CPH - and needed none of these. We tried to contact the company to get our money back.Clearly this is because of an error on the Flixbus-website. After several calls to the customer service we now have a lot of gift vouchers, because we were told to cancel our orders, contact the customer service and then we would get our money back. Still nothing has happened. In addition to this an employer hung up on my boyfriend the last time (out of five or six times) he called the customer service, even though he talked in a sober voice. This is obviously an unacceptable way to treat customers. One thing is the error on the website - we know mistakes happen, and we accept this. We just wanted to get our money back, but trying to get that we have only met very rude employers. Hanging up and not helping to solve a money-problem is just not ok.", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'I wanted to change my pickup point from CDG Terminal 3 to Porte maillot.I sent email on 5 days before the travel date, send 3 reminder email but not response till today. Called helpline number, waited 30 min on English but no one picked phone. Called French number but executive refused to support as this is German language and not English.The executive was speaking English but not ready to support my query.I have lost lots of money to make a call.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'I attempted to book a trip via their online portal.  Firstly, their application booked me for the wrong date.I requested that the trip be canceled and they sent me a voucher.I attempted to rebook the trip for the correct day and used the voucher.The web page gave me an error, the voucher became invalidated and I was charged again on my credit card for the full amount.So, they have stolen 45 Euros from me, they have not responded to repeated emails, facebook messages and their call center cannot be reached...and when I do get through to someone, they hang up on me.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'I said to my mother to take Flixbus from Lausanne to Bordeaux because I thought it was great, I was wrong. On December 31st she takes Flixbus in Lausanne and then stopped in Lyon for a connection. After 1h45 of waiting she realised her bus was cancelled and the train station would close. So it is new year eve and my mother, 56 years old, is alone in an unknown city in the night. So she calls me and I call a cousin that lives in Lyon. Fortunately he answers. So my mother takes a taxi to go to his place. The next day there is no bus available so she takes a plane to go back home. And now Flixbus refuses to reimburse both the taxi and the plane. I tried to explain them that letting someone alone in the night in an unknown area is dangerous but it seems that they do not care.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'VEry Very bad service!For reasons not specified to the passengers, Flixbus connection ME04 direction Cologne Bonn Airport On 25Dec 2016 scheduled for 9:00 was cancelled. Megabus/Flixbus office at Victoria shut all day?confirmed at Victoria information desk.From 8:00am to 9:00 am gate 8 schedule clearly showed Bus service  Victoria - Cologne was due 9:00 am.Email confirmation was wishing a pleasant journey.Calling to +4930300137300 told to hold 3 min and after disconnected.No alternative arrangements made \\provided for, no means of contact or communication no employee from Flixbus/Megabus.Two buses gate 7 and gate 9 Megabus left to Paris and Amsterdam employee from those services  did not communicate anything despite clearly over 15 people were still waiting.Management did not use those two services to pass through information regarding the situation.One passenger from yesterday called and was confirmed by telephone that todays service was to resume as normal.Apart from the financial expense the manner in which the situation has been dealt has also caused considerable emotional distress and stress.Very ~nice~Christmas   moodI do not recommend this company for my friends and other people!!!!!!!!!!!!P.S. SMS about cancellation came on 26 Dec 2016', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'I cannot recommend Flixbus if any punctuality is a requirement.I have traveled few times by myself with Flixbus. In addition, I have taken my friend by my car to the bus stop several times. On average the busses seem to be late at least 20-30 minutes and once the bus was late 1.5 hours. Many busses seem to be canceled too.I needed to go once to Airport and I tought that I could use Flixbus. A bad idea. 10 minutes before the estimated arrival time, I got a message from Flixbus that the bus is late 50 minutes. I needed to take a train in order to get to airport on time. I never got my money back from Flixbus.Although it is cheap, if you need to hurry, you might lose lots of time and money.. and miss your appointments.I will travel by trains in the future', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'By not communicating a break time adequately (30min instead of 14:30), FlixBus left me on an autobahn en route Munich-Vienna, 200km outside Vienna on 13 Nov 2016. On 6 Dec 3016 my bag was finally assumed to be found (the only communication from FlixBus in 2 months) and almost delivered to me and now missing again. Myself in English and my friend in German keep trying to contact Customer Service hotline, have emailed to fundbuero_zentrale@, service@ and info@ but no response. Where is the bag?! Regards,Anna', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'So, I had my first and last experience with Flixbus going from Lund - Stockholm.First of all, the bus was 50 minutes late and I had to wait out in the dark, cold, Swedish winter during ~1hr before the bus arrived. I was notified that the bus was going to be "a few minutes late" only 15 minutes before the departure time. Then I called customer service and they informed me it was actually 15 minutes late.After waiting and the 15-minute mark passed I called back and now I got to talk to another representative who informed me that the bus was in fact going to be 50 minutes late. How it became 35 minutes later only 25 minutes after my first call is a mystery to me. So, since I didn\'t trust her I asked for the geographical location of the bus, so at least I could make my own estimate. She said it was impossible for her to say and that there\'s no use that we keep talking about it and then she hung up on me. I froze for 1 hour before the bus came.The bus itself did not have comfortable seats. The seats are actually less comfortable than those of the normal city buses in Lund, but they do recline. There was no space for me to put my carry-on luggage as I was sitting in the front and there were other stuff above me, so my carry-on had to go with the other luggage under the bus.The bus toilet was out of toilet paper and the driver informed us that there was no way for him to refill it until we would have a break after 4 more hours.As you can imagine, I\'m never again using Flixbus and I\'m telling all my friends to avoid this company.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "We have bought two tickets go and come back from Paris to Innsbruck. Main aim of the trip was skiing. On official website it is written that we can take bulky luggage, just need to call not earlier that 48 hours in advance. So, 48 hours in advance i call them and they say  - NO, you can not take your snowboard, there is no place. - Ok, then what solution you can propose? - To exchange the date of the tickets! - But we have already accommodation booked and paid! Ok, may be one of us exchange the date of ticket, but be able to take ski equipment. - You have to pay 25 euros extra for exchange because of difference in price. - Ok...Then i asked how do we do to return. And answer was - NO WAY! Because they have only double-decker buses that can not at all take ski equipment!We were very angry that woman in call center did not tell us this before. She knew, but didn't tell! So, we can not take ski equipment at all in Flixbus, there is no way, we pay extra to travel separately and it was absolutely useless. Than we wanted to come back just to initial booking to travel, ok, without equipment, but at least together. And.. we had to pay 20 euros more for this!!!Finally, we took the bus, bus itself is ok, not bad, with wifi and toilet. Drivers are brutal, area to wait the bus is outside (in cold) and there is no indication at all. The only good thing about this company - tickets are cheap (if you buy in advance).", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "Faced the problem of unsuccessful booking through the site flixbus. After authorizing the payment card, the site issued an error message and threw it to the main page. Those. they paid the money, they withdrew money from the card, and they did not send a ticket for the bus (there are no booking numbers in my personal account on the website, in my mail, or the bus driver on the route to which I paid the ticket). I had to pay the driver in cash. After the first call to the support service, I received a letter from Carolin Maurer, where I was asked to leave a message about the problem through the feedback form on flixbus.com. Since December 30, 2016 I have been sending reports about the problem through this form, but I have not received a single response from flixbus. Apparently, it's the company's policy - to steal money from the client and ignore his appeals. Keep your cards and nerves - do not pay flixbus through their website!", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "I bought a ticket on line for £13 to travel from Quedlinburg to Hamburg on Sunday 18/12/16. But I entered 19/12 instead and only realised this when I got to the bus. So I had no choice but to buy another ticket from the driver for Euro 35, to travel that Sunday 18th. Yes 35 Euros, 3 times the £13 I paid. On Monday 19th, I called the Flixbus customer service and I was advised that if I cancelled my 19th ticket 15 minutes before the 15.40 travel time, my £13 would be eventually refunded. I wrote an email to cancel my travel over 1 hour before the 15.40 departure time, and forwarding to them a copy of the ticket I bought on that Sunday for Euro 35 to travel to Hamburg from Quedlinburg. A few days later, Flixbus wrote to tell me I wasn't entitled to a refund because I had used my £13 ticket by travelling on Monday 19/12. I told them I didn't as I had travelled Sunday and sent them proof. Now Flixbus no longer replies to my emails. Is this not daylight robbery? Stealing?Now I'll call Flix bus FLEECE BUS!!", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'I would never recommend this company to anyone. My bag was stolen on 12/26th/2016 in a stretch between Strasbourg and Düsseldorf. I communicated the company and nothing has been done so far. They did not even answer me. If I could evaluate the company with zero stars I would do that.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "Hello, I am writing to you to report scandalous and unacceptable transport conditions between Cannes and Paris on December 29, 2016 (Bus N719 towards Paris). The bus was certainly on time at the time of departure to Cannes but the drivers supposed to take over the previous driver were absent. He arrived 45 minutes later. At that moment, a violent fight broke out between the drivers, exchanges of blows took place and two drivers fell to the ground, one hit his head against the ground. The state of stress, shock and the important mark on the skull of one of the drivers did not prevent them from taking the wheel immediately after the end of the fight. They did not explain anything to us and did as usual. A few minutes later, one of the drivers spent a good five minutes with the phone on their ear while driving at night on the highway ... During a break, another passenger and I told the driver of our legitimate concern about the ability of drivers to drive after being hit on the head. The driver's response was surreal, he told us that if we had problems he would leave us at the side of the road ... To top it off, the toilets were unusable for at least half the trip. We arrived a good hour late in Paris, I was happy to have arrived safe and sound after this traumatic experience. For a cost of 89 euros, it is certain that I will never resume this company and that I will make a very bad publicity around me!", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'I can`t recommend their service.  I got wrong information in Berlin and  missed my connecting  bus.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Twenty minutes before we were due to depart on a freezing cold night in Copenhagen, at a bus stop with little shelter, I received a text advising the bus was delayed 40minutes.On boarding the bus was a mess having not been cleaned from the previous trip. Add to this there was no announcement from the driver about the cause of the  delay or whether we would still arrive at our destination on time.In addition to being 40minutes late and filthy the bus was freezing with most people leaving their thick winter coats on for the duration of the journey.At one point during the journey we stopped without explanation. The bus was then boarded by passport control. Had we been warned about the impending passport checks we could have got our passports out making the stop quick instead we all had to dig through our bags to find our passports making the checking process longer than it needed to be.I frequently take night buses and this was by far the worst. I would advise you to pay extra and use someone else!', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Good afternoon I would like to share with you my personal experience with your company. We made a trip from Brussels to Amsterdam, my two friends and I, we traveled from Madrid in principle on a flight to Brussels. (Where I have not put any problem at all) The surprise is that when I get back from Amsterdam and take the bus the driver asks me for my documentation and I gave him my NiE, he tells me that he is invalid that he needs my passport. It must be that he does not know that to travel to the EU specifically the Schengen area is exempt from carrying a passport for residents and nationals of that space, it is sufficient to present the Nie, at the airport at no time they asked me for a passport. Conclusion, does not let us get on the bus saying that nothing that we can not and point, that the driver does not think we carry, in a bad way when we were in shock. I tried to explain to him that one day we came with this same company and the driver did not put problems but nothing ... finally we had to pay for a train and it took more than 4 hours to arrive. A shame Finally stress that for many emails that send the company, not even I have responded.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Wrong information of the bus stop in mont saint michel is mention on the e-ticket.It is unbelievable that the bus stop information mention in the e-ticket is wrong!!!! We went to the bus stop which is mentioned on your e-ticket and waited till 17:30, but no any flixbus arrived.We went to the travel information centre and asked . They told me that the bus has gone already and the information of flixbus bus stop on the e-ticket is NOT Corrected. It should be "parking 7".(The bus stop mentioned in your e-ticket is next to the Hotel Vent. I can provide a copy of the e-ticket if your company don\'t believe that.)The people in tourist information centre told us that they did send e-mail to your company and asked for the correction but your company just ignores it!Please refund our tickets because this is your company\'s fault and not our fault.We did arrive the wrong bus stop your company mentioned before 20mins and waited there.We also sent your company an e-mail before, please follow our case and give us a proper feedback.Your company should also amend the information of your bus stop in mont saint michel.Thank you', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "I just got on the bus from hamborg to Copenhagen.The woman and the driver insisted that I needed a passport.This is simply not true, we are both in schegen and therefore we don't need a passport.I have my driver's license I'd with me, which is more than enough to go between Denmark and Germany (I am Danish citizen)While traveling with airplane between the 2 country's you just book a ticket and never show an ID.You might state in your text you need a passport, but that is illegal, schegen agreement is applied by law, and flixbus cannot go above the law.I hope that you will inform staff properly so this won't happen again in the future.", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "My friend and I missed our original bus due to a change in the pickup location which wasn't pointed out very well on the ticket. We had shown up at the original pickup location (asked staff around if we were in the right spot) and no bus showed up. Our ticket had two portions as there was a small layover in a town. We decided to take a train to catch up to the next stop to reconnect with our bus. The train set us back 100 EURO! We showed up at the next stop. The bus was 15-20min late and then the bus driver would not let us board. We had a ticket for the first portion and second. However, their check in system would not allow the driver to check us in on his phone even though we could clearly see our names on his phone. We spoke with him and he laughed and did not allow us to board. We needed to get to our final location so had to pay 59 EURO to board a bus we had already paid for. I have spent 3 months now emailing (back in my home country now) Flixbus with only an offer to provide credit towards a new trip. I don't think I want to ever ride with them again. I want the Money back that was wrongfully taken from me as I already had a valid ticket for the journey. On top of that both the customer service agents and bus driver were very rude through the process and they just don't seem to care. The day that was meant to be fun and only cost us 45 Euro turned into a terrible experience and set us back the original cost plus 159 EURO. Could have flown to our destination for that! I'll try another provider next time before I have spend another penny on them. Also WIFI does not work!", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "This was my first and last experience with this company! I was supposed to travel from Zurich to Colmar yesterday at 17h00 with my partner, and we received a message in the afternoon saying that there would be a 45 min delay.So we were waiting at the station at 17h45, and received another notification saying that there would be 1h15min delay. When we reached 18h15, another notification came and said that there would be a 1h50min. delay!We were already totally stressed and waiting in -2°C outside at the station, and the bus just didn't show up. And they didn't even let us know in advance that there would be such a delay! We could have taken the train during that time! We just gave up on the trip and went back home, since I was feeling sick because of the extreme cold and long waiting time outside.And of course, like any irresponsible company, they didn't want to give us our money back. Terrible experience, wouldn't recommend it!", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "Still waiting at the bus stop at Bruges for the 13:55 bus to London (3 Dec '16). The website shows that the bus is on time which is ridiculous as it's already 14:25. We have been waiting in the freezing cold since 13:30 so we have definitely not missed the bus, and there are quite a few other people waiting. Moreover, there has been no communication via text or email regarding the delay. Tried calling the customer care but the call disconnects itself after a couple of minutes of music. This is completely unacceptable. An update would be appreciated. This is the first and last time I am using this service.", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "Travelled from London Victoria to Amsterdam on the 25th November. Coach was due at Victoria at 9.30, we were waiting over an hour for our coach to turn up. When he did the driver was rude and barely gave people time to get on the coach. Fast forward to where we got on the ferry, waiting for almost 2 hours to get on the ferry without ONE single update throughout our journey off the driver. We got off to get on the ferry and all the driver said to everyone was 'if you are late im leaving without you'. So we arrive at Amsterdam at 11.45am, 3 hours after we were scheduled! Thanks to Flixbus I spent a solid 12 hours travelling to Amsterdam to see family, to get there 3 hours late and not even be able to visit my family as my return coach was later that night. So £150 on pointless coaches. And to top it all off I contacted Flix Bus with my complaint, who palmed me off with an apology! How do you think an apology is acceptable for me having to do 24 hours travel for no reason as your driver couldn't stick to his timing. Disgraceful company do not ever use and I will be contacting London Travel Watch for an independent review of my complaint, seeing as all Flix bus want to do is palm me off with were sorry please give us a feedback review.", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "It seems bizarre that you guys receive so many negative opinions and all you can say that you apologize. It's not even about wasting time and money, it is about showing respect to your customer.I traveled from Cologne to Bordeaux with a transfer in Paris.The bus came in Cologne 1.5hrs late, without any information. I was standing in the rain with my luggage at 11 p.m. in a foreign country. When the bus arrived there was no Wi-fi or WC.When I got to Paris my bus just left without me, so Flixbus services told me to buy a train ticket and I will get a refound since I HAD to be on time in Bordeaux. I did it, Lost around 130€,  because Flixbus told me that I could take a later bus, which I couldn't.You guys don't care about your customers and their priorities. Defenietly not reliable. After complaining I got an information I can receive a refound worth 19€ which I spent 150€ total on this trip, once again because of FLIXBUS. I had to email the company again to make sure I will even get that money back, which I shouldn't keep remaining you guys about customers rights.I wasn't late for any of my trip, it's clearly company's fault.I feel like you guys treat your customers as a joke and I defenietly do not deserve it. It was my last trip with Flixbus.", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'We have boarded flix bus from Amesterdam to Paris on 26th Nov 2016 at 8 am and our destination stop was porte de millot in paris around 3:30 pm. We were stopped for refreshments for 30 mins in Nazreth gas station close to Gent. To our surprise the bus has started before 30 mins and left us. Here want to highligt that driver dont even check if all thr passengers are boarded..the bus which carries a international passengers . Drivers you hire are really careless . Now we have all our baggage 2 luggage bags and 2 back pck in the bus. One of the bag contain our laptop+PASSPORT+cash+cards.We have logged a complaint through contact centre and filled the online form. Its past 32 hours we have been getting a standard response from your contact centre that we would get back to you asap. And your tat is 30 Days ( very unrealistic)We have contacted flix bus services many times telling the sensitivity and what we are going through as we have small kid and we r tourist with no cash +clothes+passport. Your contact centre has no humanity.Very poor services and blunt answer...and you are not directing us to the right person or giving the lost and found services number to contact them.We have to leave the paris  by 3rd of Dec 2016...but still flix bus contact centee have no clue on our baggage. Kudos to your services. You guys only bothered about selling tickets perhaps no customer service.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "I reserve teckit from London to Paris with flix bus and the opreat with Mega bus which doesn't worth what I payed for un comfortable chairs no enough legs room  not good for long journey ,the internet not working I got very bad experience I came back to London with Oui bus  same price or £2 more but very big defrant", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'We were 40 minutes before the time of our trip but at the end we lost the bus of the bus never came to dusseldorf  bus station. 15 minutes before the time we asked 2 employees if we were to the right place and they told us yes. We wait one hour because we believe that was a delay. After this hour we some with flixbus and they told us that the bus had gone, all the passengers had check-in, exept us and we had lost our money. We book another ticket 3 hours after and pay again without any discount!!!!!', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': '- Bus was hour late for departure - Customer Service not reachable, got a recorder saying your bus is on time (See first point, not the case)- No explanation when it finally came.- Passengers treated badly - better fly Ryan air!!! Worth the extra 50 cents..', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Rude behaviour when handling luggage. When asked if I could retrieve my laptop from my bag Andy, who was in charge said, "Well you\'ve been standing in line for 5 minutes, haven\'t you?" He then snatched my bag and shoved it into the luggage compartment. I did not say anything, so as not to disrupt the journey for other passengers', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'I was travelling from Strassbourgh to Frankfurt airport from where I was supposed to fly to Denmark. I had been told that delays can occur with flixbus so I booked a ticket where I was schedualed to arrive 4:30 hours before my flight - that would give me some extra hours incase of delays. I had to change bus in Karlsruhe and on my first bus I received to text messages from flixbus where they stated that they were 1 hour delayed. Fair enough I thought. Turned out they were more than 2:30 hours late. So I was waiting for my next bus without hearing anything from flixbus, and without any of the many flixbus drivers who arrived and departed while I was waiting was able to help me. Finally amother bus goimg to Berlin but passing through Frankfurt airport arrived. I was relieved, only to find out that they wouldnt let me get on that bus because I only had ticket for another bus. This bus, going to Berlin, was half empty and I would have made it to Frankfurt in time to catch my flight if they would have let me take that bus. But no, I was shocked to find out that they wouldnt let me take that bus (both busses being flixbus). I asked if I could pay for a new ticket there for the bus going to Berlin, but I didmt have cash and the driver didnt want to wait for me buying a new ticket online. He just roled his eyes and assured me that my own bus was coming 30 minutes later. It didnt. It came more than 1 hour later and I missed my fligh. I dont wish a flixbus ride for my worst enemy - stay away everyone. Pay the little extra for a decent company who doesnt screw you over, thats at least my advice.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "I am never taking a flixbus after this time! It's hilarious how every single time I take a flixbus it is late!!!! And not only about 10 min or so that would've been fine, but this time it's again 1h and 40min late!!!!!!! Never ever again!!!!", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "If you would ever leave luggage in Flixbus, don't hope that you will get it back. i I have called their call service and filled in the Lost and Found form just after the bus has left. Call service has told me that they have no possibility to contact driver to aware him about lost thing. I have also been told that they just don't have any connection with driver at all. However, it's absolutely wrong, as I have personally heard how drivers have been called by Flixbus employees to know why they are late and when will they arrive. It seems that it could be better that I have just forgotten it somewhere on the street and someone would call me as there is my contact information there. It doesnt matter which level of comany Fluxbus, even if it is young brand, it's just basics human politeness understanding that belongings of others are not rubbish. I would never thing that any company  could have such big concern about its clients. I would never believe that such huge thing as luggage has been lost. Either Flixbus has throughed it away, either their drivers don't mind wearing second-hand clothes. I really hope that the one who is reading it would be careful with their belongings and would never have such unpleasant situation as me.", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "this is the most horrible bus service company I have ever travelled..I live in Germany and I study master studiesI had to do an exchange semester in England and I thought that bus journey with Flix bus will be good. ( my biggest mistake )At the border of france and England on the british side we were told to come out and have a passport check. When I finished my passport control and came out of the immigration centre, the bus was gone with all the passengers and with my luggage.HOW CAN HE LEAVE A PASSENGER AT THE BORDER, I called the same time to the bus service and they said that they don't have another bus to take me to London.I said them to atleast handover my luggage to my friend who was waiting at the London Victoria station and they said OK.But the bus did not arrive at the station and the managers at the london bus terminal has confirmed that and it is their in their records.the bus may be dropped the passengers somewhere close to the bus station and not in the ARRIVALS of the bus station.this is so unprofessional. I have a strong belief that the driver now stole my bags.I have written a complaint and been in touch with the customer center for the last 21 days and they say that they are still checking.I am in England without my luggage in a new country and they have little concern for customer and in general no feeling of sufferings of HUMAN BEINGS.They just don't communicate and don't care of the problems done by their company to others. they have no respect.I am not going to keep quiet for this because my luggage was all what I have in my life. I had two large bags and one backpack.I WILL VERY SOON APPROACH TO COURTS IF THEY DONT SOLVE THIS, I WILL EDUCATE PEOPLE, WRITE BLOGS, GIVE ADVERTISEMENTS IN NEWSPAPERS AND DO WHATEVER I CAN DO GET JUSTICE.I NEED JUSTICE, THEY ARE DENYING JUSTICE TO ME. 42 DAYS HAS PASSED AND THERE IS NO SINGLE COMMUNICATION FROM THE COMPANY", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "My friend needed 2 minutes to download his ticket and one of the bus drivers (who didn't speak english at all and had already been rude to us before) started pushing him out of the bus in a rather agressive way. When he showed them the ticket (everything was in order) they still didn't let him in on the bus just because they didn't want to. Terrible service. I will never use this company again and I don't recommend it to anyone.", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'I did a small europe tour where i used flixbus, the first 2 rides went perfect, nothing to complain about, good wifi and leg spaceHowever, when i had to go from Luxemburg to Hamburg, the bus went to the wrong busstop 113 instead of 13. So 2 people saw the bus and went on the trip and 3 people got stranded. Flixbus customer service were very rude, calling a mother a liar on the phone and said the bus has been there. because the woman in the phone think Flixbus is the only green bus in a very busy busstation, and we can see the bus from where we were waiting etc.  The bus was 25 min late, which no info was given. Flixbus said the busdriver waited 10 min for us. Weird that he couldnt go get us or send someone for us.  We had to complain multiple times before they would tell us that the bus when to the wrong place, and then they blamed us for missing the bus. A horrible experience and why i cannot recommend this to anyone. Even thoughFlixbus is a partner of ESN or other student organisations. please consider other options.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Earlier this week I had a harrowing experience with one of your drivers at the Paris, Porte Maillot Station, Route 802 direction Amsterdam Sloterdijk, 2:30 PM departure. I had booked a round trip ticket from Ghent Belgium to Paris from Friday to Sunday and had a very positive first experience riding with Flix Bus on my way to Paris, however today I experienced the most traumatic, embarrassing, and stressful travel experiences of my life because of your driver\'s refusal to allow me on board. I currently live in Belgium, but am an American citizen. Last week I misplaced my passport while visiting a friend (which will be recovered later this week), however this caused me to travel to Paris this week without a passport. To be safe I registered my travel with the U.S. Embassies in France and Belgium, and called Flixbus to find out what their passport policy is. His justification, "My bus, my rules." I asked if at the very least, understanding his concerns about crossing the border, if I could ride the bus as far as Lille, where I could take a reduced fare back to Ghent, without having to pay the full price of a unplanned train ticket back to Belgium. He assured me that by stranding me in Paris, he was teaching me a lesson that I won\'t soon forget. I then spoke with the security at the bus station, explained the situation, showed my credentials, and they decided it was up to the driver\'s desecration whether or not to let me on board. As you can guess, he abruptly shut the door to the bus and very aggressively pulled out of the station, leaving me in an unfamiliar city and without any clear way to get home.I spoke with the Porte Maillot station agent who offered a half-hearted apology and a 5 euro voucher for the "inconvenience." She then suggested, "You\'re better off taking the train." So after suffering a panic attack I recovered enough to endure a harrowing two hours of wandering the streets of Paris and getting off at a series of wrong Metro stops, I eventually made it to Gare du Nord, where I had to pay 76 euro for a one way ticket from Paris to Brussels, and an additional 10 euro to connect from Brussels to Ghent. Essentially to make it home safely, I had to pay more than I did during my entire weekend in Paris, plus endure the stress and anxiety that comes with not knowing when or how I would make it back.So if you would like to be publicly shamed and humiliated and left without any clear way how to get home, this is the travel service for you! Customer service is a joke and will not respond or even remotely attempt to address your concerns.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "The situation was like that: we were in hurry and jumping from one bus to another in order to get to our final location - Budapest. So we chose FlixBus to get there from Zagreb. At first we tried to buy tickets on the Internet (there they costed €68 for 3 person), but because of bad wi-fi connection at the bus station decided to buy them at a specsalized FlixBus office. I should describe the assistant - a women in her 50, who has  very pure knowledge in English (what is that, guys? Isn't flixbus an inernational line?) and even pure knowledge in PC, coz it took up to 10 min to process our order. Her behaviour was very rude, by the way. In the end she told us a final prise - €156. How? 3 times more expensive than on the Internet!! Since there only 3 min left to the bus departure, we decided to buy the ticket - no choise, that was the only bus for today.Talking about bus itself: in the toilet there were neither water, nor paper.", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'I left my luggage on one of their buses in August. I immediately called their customer service and asked them to contact the driver so that he could hand over the luggage to my friend when the bus reached its final destination. However, all 5 of the people I spoke to refused to contact the driver and my friend was unable to get the luggage. Instead they told me to fill out a form on their website. After filling out the form it took 40 days(!!!) to get a reply from the company telling me that the luggage had not been found... Or well they said "we have not found it but we\'ll let you know if we do". How you can find a lost item after establishing that you don\'t have it is beyond my comprehension... I cannot understand how a company can have such bad routines. Flixbus could have easily solved my problem within a few hours and they would have had a happy customer, instead they lost my luggage and took 40 Days to let me know... In the meanswhile there was no way of contacting their lost and found department. I am seriously disappointed!', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "This company sells tickets they won't honour.We were left stranded in Brussels nord station and they refused to give a proper explanation as to why.We weren't allowed on another bus at a different time and were asked to buy a new ticket from our own pocket.Get a train ticket or drive instead. This company is not yet ready to perform at an international level.** edit (because you can't reply)Hey Carlos, nowhere in the ticket is there even a mention of Megabus. We waited for two hours and the only Megabus that showed up was going to Amsterdam.There were 10+ people in the same situation that day, so attempting to make it seem like this was an error on our part is even a clearer indication of how poorly Flixbus operates and how little you care about customers.Still waiting on a refund by the way.", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "I took Flixbus from Munich to Rome on August 27. the toilet basically was closed . The bus first stop was  a smoking break  not a toilet break! about 8 hours later we got a 10 minute toilet break and  when i came out of the toilet i could see the bus on the highway. The real tragedy is in trying to recover my stuff. customer care is least helpful with a  standard response to wait 30 days ( now passed), if i have completed the lost and found form. Please have working toilets and useful care staff.i believe since i didn't offload my stuff its back at your office. please hand it back.", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "SCAM! all I can I say is stay away from this bus because they are only liers. I booked tickets to Milan with a voucher I recived from Flixbus and I also booked ticket to Strasbourg. I recieved confirmation and tickets and everything. ok so I went to Milan. I got there with no problems through the Switzerland boarders. Now time to go back home to Germany. The driver would not let me on the bus saying that since I don't have a passport with me, I can't travel with my Aufenthaltstitel which is german residency card. Actually he didn't say anything, when I showed him my ID, he just turned away and called for the next person. I tried to explain to him that I can and I traveled through Switzerland many times with that ID without my US passport. He wouldn't listen to me. I started calling Flix bus and after half an hour on the line waiting, no one did pick up the phone. While I was on the phone, he asked another woman for her passport, she took it out from her purse and without showing it to him, he just said ok go ahead. He didn't even check her passport! whether it was up to date or even under her name, he didn't care. Here I was with legit ID and he didn't let me on. so I was left there all along, in a different country without a language and no clue of what am I supposed to be doing.. I went to the train station and asked them If I could go back to germany with Aufenthaltstitel and they said of course I could and whereever have I heard that I couldn't... It just made me mad that more.. I spend 160 euroes on a train since I got it right there.... So i emailed the customer service and they just sent me a generic email. I wrote on facebook and of course that's when they wantd to appologize but at the end still refered me the email. after reviewing everything they told me nothing that they could do and I do have to have my passport and on top of that they said my voucher was never valid to begin with and canceled my trip to Strasbourg. wow... I mean wow... they sent me a confirmation and booking number and everything and it turned out they had never charged me.... I am glad that had happened, otherwise I woundn't have found postbus. If you do need to book a bus, book it with ANYONE but Flix bus. Bunch of scammers!", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'I have been traveling with this company several times, I guess around six or eight. Only in one of those trips WiFi was actually working. Why do you advertise WiFi if it is in fact not functioning? I guess I should turn to customer protection authorities cause company is giving false information about their services. Secondly, three journeys were delayed, last one for 30 minutes. Thus I missed very important appointment. I am perfectly aware that there are traffic jams etc, but then you must warn travelers that bus departure/arrival times are only indicative and not reliable. This is another reason to complain to customer protection authorities. Indicate realistic arrival and departure times. Moreover, why all the journeys are planned through the middle of major cities which will almost always lead to delays because of traffic jams? Remember that the traffic jams cannot be claimed as force majeure because you can reasonably predict these circumstances and avoid them by re-planing your routes which leads to that customers can ask refund for every delay unless there is a hurricane or circumstances like this. Unreachable customer service is another story. When you call, you "hang" on the line for more than ten minutes and then you just let go and stop trying to call. Each such call costs a lot of money. Who is going to refund me that? And I really needed to contact customer service because I must book my foldable bicycle. However, nobody picked up the phone and nobody replied to my already two emails so I do not know can I or can I not take my bike with me. It is also not possible to book the bicycle when purchasing tickets because system says that there are no slots for bicycle transportation, please contact our customer service and blah blah. Do you have like three employees there? It is indeed the last time I will use this company and will certainly not recommend it to anyone else, actually quite opposite.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'I would not recommend this company to anyone, it is the worst! We did take a bus this summer from Zagreb to Münich, but the driver was about 4 hours late, because he did take a wrong route!Therefore we could not catch our next connection with Flixbus to Hamburg. We arrived at midnight, and we had anorther connection with another company to catch from Hamburg the next efternoon. So we talked to a guy in the Flixbus information at Münich bus station, but he was like... I can\'t do anything, take another line next day and spend your night at a hostel! But we still had this connection from Hamburg that seemed to be impossible to reach. So no matter what, we just "lost" 2 tickets for a amount of 45 EURO.We asked him if Flixbus was going to pay for our expenses for the hostel and if they were willing to pay for some food?We did almost not have a break to eat during the 12 hour long bus trip. Especially the last few hours! But he was not willing to help, so we called the costumer service. The guy in the phone told us, that we could take a train, and the Flixbus would pay some of the expenses and refund the missing trip from Munich to Hamburg. "All" we had to do was to sent a traditionel letter with all the original tickets, and explaine our experience to Flixbus costumer service passengers rights. so we DID! TWO months ago and we still have not heard anything from them!I can not mention that I ever had had so bad experience before with any company.So please for your own sake DO NOT use Flixbus if you are going to plan a longer trip!! It\'s like a living hell!', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'I bought a ticket from Vienna to Munich at 11:30 from Erdberg station. We came there at 10pm and on information screen it showed that bus supposed to come at 11:30 to site 8, we were keep asking drivers from others busses if they can help us but nobody knew anything about the bus and they were rude and laughing form us. After 12pm bus time disappeared from the screen and the station was closed so we were left without place to stay at night in the rain and had to look for a taxi and get a room in the hotel. Also I missed my flight for the next day to London. This was the most horrible experience I ever had. Would never buy any tickets from flix bus again.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Even though it\'s advertised change ticket 15 minute before, it did not let me change it more than 40 minutes before. When called, the employee said, you should leave and can catch your bus so travelled halfway across city to the bus was not there, 3 minute late. The staff there said, can\'t do anything go to \'headquarter\' again across the city. There was no headquarter but just a ticket stall. The employee there said call customer service, they can help, one hour of talking and the rude staff just repeated email, and accused of lying by asking obscure details. Had to buy new tickets and wait 5 hours. Sent an email 14 days ago (4 Sept), an automated reply in German saying "Currently reach us above average number of requests - we ask to be patient, it should exceptionally take longer."  2 working weeks and counting.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Advertises free wifi In my trip from London to Paris only got wifi once I entered France . Which lasted 20 minutes then said was expired, then on my next bus the next day the wifi was still expired My luggage I was allowed on the bus from London to Paris was fine but when I got to Paris said it was to big despite it being a tiny carry on flight bag I take on flights Made me chuck out the bag and take My stuff on in plastic bags which took up more room than the carry on .Horrible staff barely spoke any English swore and yelled at me In another language when I insisted it was fine for me to hold my carry on bag on my lap were rude and disrespectful will definitely never use or recomend this disgusting company to anyone else', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "Horrible experience. Don't have my luggage called their so called crisis Center I will not even started at what point they are incapable and unexperienced. I know from the driver where exactly my luggage is and they told me write an email and wait 30days I ah e so important documents in it from work. I am gonna sue them. It is better to go walking than to take flixbus again.", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "We were waiting at the bus terminal from 8.10 for our bus to arrive at the station at 8.30 so we could get good seats. After waiting over an hour for the bus that never arrived, we walked around to find the flix bus office and finally found it. After talking to the rude staff member there from flix bus, his final reply was 'It's not my problem'. He told us that the bus was running with a partnership company and that the bus was purple?. After travelling with flix bus multiple times, we always know to look for the big green bus. Lack of information from the company has now cost us $125 as we now have to catch a plane to split to get our transfer in time, otherwise we will forfeit another $200. No matter how cheap this company is, will not be returning, unless the company can give us a refund, which is unlikely from reading all the reviews. Bottom line is, use this bus company if you like waiting at bus terminals.", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'It seems that it has to be reported to highway police in Austria.I kept using his mobile phone while driving on highway (Vienna to Budapest) and sometimes he crossed over to the other driving line.I could clearly see his misconduct was I was sitting on the 1st row in the bus.I claimed this to Flixbus customer service but they never answered me about it only the automatic emails came back to me without any comment regarding this issue.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "Cheap driving alone is not enough !!!!! Because woe you forget something on the bus. Service apparently has no place in the corporate structure of Flixbus. My daughter has 7 (SEVEN) !!! Week forget a jacket with ALL identity documents in the luggage rack over the middle exit right side in the bus X-31 at the ZOB Berlin. A direct pickup was not possible. Since completing the loss report has received no notice, several calls to the hotline were unsuccessful, even a letter to the management in Berlin remained unanswered !!!!! A UNFORGETTABLE WEAK PRESENTATION We are now traveling abroad with replacement ID documents. After that, only the walk to the lawyer remains. Weakest service I've ever experienced, because not available ............. after eight (!) Weeks move in the matter. The wallet with the identification documents turned up in Amsterdam. By the way, our coming to Berlin remains our thing (no joke), kindly an e-mail address was given from there. By the way, the jacket in which the wallet was was no speech .......... After exactly 70 (seven) days, my child could pick up her wallet at the ZOB Berlin with a bus driver. The jacket in which the wallet was located is not there, as is the cash from the wallet. THAT IS SO AN UNBELIEVABLE FREEDOM THAT NEVER FORGET ME THE WORDS. In the meantime, there was a letter to the management of course, remained unanswered. BUT THE MOST SUBSTANTIAL IS THAT FLIXBUS A SCRUB INTERESTED", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Long story short: they let us out in the Night in Strassbourg for 10h when the connecting bus did not arrive to pick us up. By that time two other Flixbus for the same destiny (Paris) arrived not willing to take us even if they had free seats and trying to charge an additional 60 euro.  They said it was our fault, as we missed the bus although we were waiting there all the time checking every bus together with six other people who had the same problem. They did not answer to any emails and on tge phone calls 1) they said the bus has a delay 2) the bus made a crash in Germany and 3) the bus was at the buspark and it was our fault not to enter. Absolutely miserable costumer service. In addition the police said it happens often that Flixbus costumers have problems in Strassbourg and the driver from Ouibus also said that every week there are problems with Flixbus passengers getting stranded. We two lost 50euro and 10h by that. 2 Vietnamese girls lost 90euro and 3 days holidays in Paris. Four other guys lost 15euro each. And from Flixbus there is not even a sorry. A shame!!! Never again. Ouibus has an excellent service by the way and they really take care about their passengers.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'On the Prague to Hamburg flixbus the driver did not measure our suitcases but charged us extra 18 euros and would not give us a receipt. He did not speak any english.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'still sitting on the bus as i write, halfway through the trip from genoa to venice , got a call from home advising my luggage was found open and abandoned close to  bus station, this after i had handed it in and was stored in the compartment below. At the stop over , checked and one of the two bags i had handed over is missing and reply i got was to speak to the police once in venice , ie they take no responsability for luggage that was in their custody ,Called  the client service , reply i got was to go through the lost and found form on the website and then go to the police', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Very little space; delayed; wifi almost never works; no water on the toilet...', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "WiFi is as slow as a snail. Socket and Air conditioner not working. No information whatsoever about delay. All these problems and they still wanna take over Postbus, what a disgrace. Don't make Postbus as useless as Flixbus please.", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "The smell of the toilet was all over the bus. It is proper scheiße. Won't travel again with flixbus.", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "I love travelling, so each weekend i'm trying to find the best and the cheapest way to move. Flixbus was often one of my means of transport. But not on the last time, I wanted to go to Rostock, from Dresden, passing by Berlin. The driver said that he will have 10 minutes break in Alexanderplatz. So I went with my friend to buy some food from a restaurant in front of the stop. After less that 5 minutes we discovered that the bus was GONE, with our luggage, money, wallets , papers , passports .... All what we have was there. We have been to the ZOB in Berlin , no one knows anything, then calling 1000000000 times flixbus service, they told us to fill up a form on the internet and JUST WAIT . It has been 2 weeks now and we got NO answer! It costs us till the moment a big loss of money and time. My friend could not move anywhere because he does not even have any paper prooving his identity. No help , no assitance, no answer , no human touch in Flixbus service ! Since 2 weeks , I've heard too many bad feedback about Flixbux that I used to ignore.But , definetely,  If you are keeping on this service quality , you will get too much trouble and a huge decrease in customers' number. Concerning me, I won't take this bus again but first we need our luggage back !!!!", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "I am very disappointed with flixbus. I took flixbus in early june from Brussels to Bremen. firstly, the bus was late for an hour. Upon arrival, to my horror, my luggage was not in the baggage compartment. i quickly contacted flixbus via Facebook and email because i have some important stuff in my luggage. they told me to wait 4-5 weeks. Fair enough and I've got a answer back from Henri (Flixbus staff) stating that my bag was indeed stolen. and so i asked for reimbursement. i have filled in the online form and also send flixbus emails with the receipts of my belongings (multiple times) and am waiting for their reply. however, months have past and i did not get any response at all. all flixbus does was either telling me to wait (been waiting for more than 2 months) or ignoring my Facebook messages. this is just irresponsible of flixbus for ignoring my messages. i really need to know how long more it takes to process my request. flixbus keep telling me the department dealing with my case is really busy but come on, its been months! and does this indicates that security in flixbus is not good thus leads to the hectic workload in that department to the extend it takes more than 2 months to get a request sorted? Flixbus is really testing my patience! i am tired of you keep on telling me to wait and be patient without telling me roughly when i will get notify on my request. i really want to get an answer from this post as this incident happened more than 2 months ago! this is way too ridiculous! case number: 00669836", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "After all of the positive reviews researched I was looking forward to travelling with this carrier, but never again. My journey: London-Bruges (Return) in August 2016. Delays both ways were over 3 hours! There was NO internet connection either way, and no toilet on the way there. After all the traffic (not FlixBus' fault) and our bizarre(!) route out of London it seemed like adding insult to injury for the company to put us on the cheap slow ferry (both times, and entirely their decision) as opposed to the quick tunnel. On the way back, we were waiting 105 minutes at the ferry depot before setting off (and the DFDS ferry was slow at 120 mins). You get what you pay for, and they are cheap, but their announced times should be more realistic and there should have been internet on board! Both Eurolines and Megabus weren't as bad as this. Even cheap Ryanair flights are punctual. Never again.", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "Travelling from London to La Panne...bus arrived on time at Victoria - that was about all that went right. Didn't fill us with confidence when the steward announced it was drivers first time driving in the uk! Left London via Watford (due to the sat nav sending them the wrong way - aparrently!) Nearly crashed twice once by cutting up a lorry and undertaking the other due to a panic over direction on the M1/M25 interchange which meant we swerved across 2 lanes of a roundabout. Then pretty uneventful until we got the the channel tunnel when they couldnt work out what shuttle we were meant to be on abd when they finally did work this out they couldnt get the bus started which isnt ideal given we arrived there two hours late. To top it all off when leaving the bus we were asked to give a good review! Oh and the toilet was out of order the whole journey and the wifi didnt work", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'A bus company with very average service and care for customers. We took a night bus to London via Brussels and the company managed to lose our check in luggage. They have since been non-existent to deal with, never returning calls and seemingly unwilling to even attempt to track the luggage down. Would not recommend based on this experience.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'I bought two tickets for the bus from Copenhagen to Berlin at 12.05 the third of august. However, the bus was cancelled about an hour before it was supposed to leave due to a breakdown. As my sister and I had already left and where waiting for the bus at Ingerslevsgade I did not notice the e-mail they sent me. When I finally noticed it, it was too late to cancel the reservation, as it was less than 15 minutes till departure.We were automatically given tickets for another ride instead - three hours later than we were supposed to leave - meaning we would not arrive in Berlin till 11.30 pm. So we had to skip the bus and buy some quite expensive tickets for the train instead. Later we got texts saying that we would receive a voucher for a free ride due to the breakdown. Five days later I have not received anything but a request to rate the journey.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'We booked return tickets from Düsseldolf  to Bruges on 31/07/2016-01/08/2016On the way to Bruges, bus was 1 hour late. But it was ok.( because bus was coming)On the way to Düsseldolf, we were in trouble.Our original departure time was 17:20 at Bruges.When We were waiting for the bus at the bus station, we got a text that "Your bus 080 with destination Dortmund is 1 hour and 40 minutes late."Actually it was already at 17:20. And we kept waiting, but bus didn\'t come although after 19:00.We knew that sometimes bus comes late, so we just waited there.We sent mails for customer service and ask about when the bus is coming.But, no answer. Also other passenger called Flixbus customer service and then she told them about our situation. But They told us that " Bus was coming around 19:30 and no one there..."We couldn\'t believe what they said. Because we (there were 4 persons) waited at the bus station from 17:00 until 22:00For sure, the bus didn\'t come to Bruges!!!!We had to back to Düsseldolf at that day.Because I had work next day. But it was already around 22:00.So we didn\'t have choice which back to Düsseldolf. we took a train to Brussels and stay a night and next early morning, we back to Düsseldolf by train.So we paid over €200 for train tickets and the hotel.We think they should pay this expenses and also refund. Because it was them fault.We sent E-mail and receipt of train  for FlixBus. But they didn\'t answer...We never use Flix bus again!!!!We don\'t recommend to use this company, otherwise they make your trip horrible.Dear CarlosThank you for your reply.But your colleges still hasn\'t contact me.And I sent a e-mail to your company again, but no answer...What is the situation with my refund?', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "We got to the bus station one hour before the bus.   We boarded the bus with no problems in fact the bus was extremely clean and extremely nice we were surprised given the previous bad reviews .   Then for American girls got on the bus with tickets they purchased over one month ago and there confirmation numbers were confirmed by the attendant .   We have now waited over one hour and 10 minutes so far ,  and they still have not resolved this issue .   They did ask the girls to get on a bus that was leaving 20 minutes later the girls prefer this bus .   My guess is there are probably about 60 people on this bus that are going to be late and people that have booked expensive tors that will be missing them and will never get a refund .   The situation should have been handled immediately as the girls told them this problem right upon the time we should've been leaving .   They could've put them on a train or a different bus or taxi there were millions of options instead they decided to make all of us sit here and wait for what is so far over one hour with no progress being made .   Then they hung up on the girl because she is upset on the phone .   Of course she's upset she said young lady ,  in a foreign country that doesn't speak the language and is getting no assistance .   The bus driver has now convinced for other people to leave the bus and perhaps we will be leaving soon .    The 20 minutes has passed now and the other buses ready to leave in fact it will probably be leaving before our bus .   your five star review just turned into a one star review and if I could leave a zero star I would have !!!", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "The trip was terrible. We would travel from Eindhoven to Stuttgart, with a connection in Dortmund. Our bus arrived with a delay of 2 hs and the driver said that the bus would stop in Dusseldorf and could not go to Dortmund.It took some time until my wife and I understood that, because we needed help of other people who spoke English and German to translate what the driver said (the driver didn't speak English). We don't know yet what happened, and why we couldn't reach Dortmund with the service.So, we were left in Dusseldorf near 1 am, and needed to arrive in Dortmund before 3 am. No one from Flixbus could help us, no English speaker.  We needed to call a friend to contact the customer service and get some help, since we were also not able to call them by ourselves.They suggested us to take a train between Dusseldorf-Dortmund, but it was not possible because it would arrive in time for our connection in Dortmund. This way, a guy from the costumer service that told us to pay a taxi and go to Dortmund, and that they would refund us with the value.  We took the taxi and spent 162 euros with that. We sent the receipts and information to the company by email and we had no answers (just the automatic ones). We called the customer service twice and they gave us template answers that our case will be analyzed and we should wait.There were almost 3 weeks since we did this terrible travel and we were not refund yet. We spent twice more than we planned. It would be better to buy another bus/train tickets in Dusseldorf and travel by ourselves because our financial loss would be smaller and we could enjoy the trip with no worries.I found here similar cases so I do not recommend the service. It was my first time using the Flixbus and the last one. I had never experienced something like that before.========================UPDATE: 24/08/16Hi, the customer service replied me after a period of a month and I was completely refund by the company.Thank you.Rafael.", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Everything about them is awful.  Worst customer service ever.  Busses always late our sometimes never show up', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'I took flixbus from Copenhagen to Berlin. The driver didn\'t speak English at all. We were an hour delayed, but the driver chose to not give any information about that. All of the above could have been fine, if there had been no more trouble. But on the departure day, they chose to change the bus from 9:45 to 7:30 without informing us in any way. I called them and asked what this were about, and they said it was their mistake and that I should take another departure home. Unfortunately for me I had to catch a connection in Copenhagen. So I couldn\'t simple just take a later bus. I told costumer service my problem, and he found a train that would bring me to Copenhagen the same time as the bus would have, he then informed me that I just had to pay for the tickets and then send an email with the receipts. I wanted to be sure this wasn\'t a "trick" , so he asked his manager that also said yes to this, and he wrote an remark about it on my case/booking. When I came home, I wrote them an email with all the information I got told to put in, but no answer. Tried calling, rudest service ever. Wrote on Facebook, got told by 3 different employes to send a provate message, so I did. But then only answer were useles just a standard reply to everything. And the other times no answer at all, even though 3 employes wrote on the Facebook post, that I made on their page, that they would do their best to fix the problem and give me an answer today. I never heard anything so I must assume they are ripping me off. Do not use flixbus they will cheat you for your money and then pretend nothing happened! Rude and horrible company, the worst experience I ever had with a company like this!!!!', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'We waited for the bus 45 minutes but it was not arrived, we called them on phone but they did not reply correctly also they did not send me any notification before and after departure. Therefore i enforced to take a taxi to not miss my flight.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'FLIXBUS IS UNTRUSTWORTHY WORST CUSTOMER SERVICE!  My trip to Berlin were more than 4 hrs delayed and Flixbus therefore offered me a chance to cancel and get a full refund. They instruct me in a text t', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "We purchased 2 tickets for 1/7/2016 for the London-Amsterdam Flixbus service for an urgent family matter, with a changeover in Brussels. 15 minutes before the planned 10am departure from London Victoria Coach Station, we received a text informing us about a 4.5 hour delay (!). Fearing that we will miss the connecting bus at Brussels and get stuck in the city overnight, I clicked on the link in the message to write an email cancelling the tickets and claiming a refund (an option in the message with the corresponding email link). Also, I purchased 2 tickets for the 11am service to Amsterdam (changeover in Antwerp, scheduled to arrive at 22:40) and boarded this bus. This was just the beginning of a nightmare journey.While waiting in the queue for the Eurotunnel in Folkestone, our driver informed us that that there is an expected delay of 3-4 hours due to a problem in the tunnel. While navigating with the bus in the queue, we had a minor accident with an adjacent car, which our bus driver ignored and drove off... It took 4 hours to cross the Channel indeed, but our driver ensured everyone that at the first stop in Europe he will announce contingency plans for those who were about to miss their connecting buses due to the delay. It never happened, and after we went passed our first scheduled stop in De Panne, I asked the driver in Brugge about the arrangements for the passengers who already missed their connecting bus in Antwerp and his promised announcement, that never happened. He nonchalantly told me that we should phone the customer service ourselves!!! In panic, I did so and explained the situation. The German operator (if you choose English, you are doomed: you get connected to an operator repeating the words 'refund or voucher' without even trying to understand the situation...) finally understood the nature of the trouble, and he called me back in 50 mins with the news that they've arranged a connecting bus at 22:00 from Brussels to Amsterdam that we'll catch. So we did, and finally got to Amsterdam just after midnight, which meant instead of public transport we had to take a taxi to our accomodation. We both were a distressed bag of nerves by then.You would believe that it's impossible to trump as a bad travel experience, but the return trip on the 4/7/2016 from Amsterdam to London (changeover in Antwerp, scheduled arrival: 17:45) added a new factor: the fear of death. Another non-communicating German driver decided to take a ferry (!) across the channel this time, a decision he made himself as I accidentally overheard him on the phone. He forgot to communicate this to the passengers, despite the fact it straightaway meant a 3-hour delay at the minimum compared to the Eurotunnel route.We were hours late arriving to London at night, when the top of our bus hit a height restricting barrier driving into a tunnel! And our driver didn't seem to care, he drove on into the tunnel as if nothing had happened!! We were literally fearing for our lives as the driver drove between the two tracks, trying to avoid crashing the top of the bus in the wall of the tunnel on either side. The driver then lost the plot completely: first he drove straight into the City of London, making a tricky U-turn after coming to a corner the bus could not manage. Then he got lost again right next to Victoria Coach Station, where he drove us to Brompton Road to make another road-blocking U-turn at the Victoria & Albert Museum. From this point a fellow passenger was helping the bus driver out with his phone and Google Maps to find the destination... Finally we arrived at Victoria Coach Station, and could only laugh when we had to drive out again to go to the international arrivals instead a block away. Almost 5 hours late, after another nerve-wrecking travel experience topped with a fear of death, we finally disembarked at 22:15.Despite several complaints through mail and phone, to this day we still haven't received a formal apology nor a refund from Flixbus for the cancelled trip. The elusive customer service line is total shambles, in three attempts asking for the refund I received the following replies on the phone, in chronological order:1. it will be transferred in 5 working days (didn't happen)2. I didn't claim a refund at all, they haven't registered anything3. and lastly, it will be transferred in 4-6 weeks(!!!)", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "On the 29th of June I had booked the 5:45am bus with Flixbus from Dresden Central to Berlin SXF airport, which was to arrive at the airport at 7:50am.I was waiting at the bus stop from 5:20am. This 5:45am bus never arrived. After 6 am one guy telelephoned Flixbus as there were a few of us waiting for this bus and we were all getting anxious as we had flights to catch, he was told it would be another 10 minutes.  At 6:30am the 6:15am bus arrived 15 minutes late and it took all of us that we're waiting. Once on the bus we had no internet service at all.Unfortunately for those of us that had been waiting for the 5:45am bus we didn't arrive at Berlin SXF until 9:10am.For myself and others the boarding gate had closed. I had missed my flight and my connecting flight in Paris and any chance of getting home that afternoon. So after an overnight train journey and a full next day on a train and 350euro out of pocket I finally arrived home the next day at 5pm.When I arrived home I sent a complaint about the fact the bus never turned up nor had I been notified it wasn't coming plus the fact that I had paid 19 euro for the 5:45am bus and the 6:15 bus had only been 12 euro when I had booked it. The reply back was I should of allowed more time for my flight and to send my booking number so they could inform me as to why I hadn't been notified of the delay. I have had no reply and have since sent another complaint but have had no response. If the bus had of arrived on time and we had of been delayed on route to Berlin due to traffic problems or an accident , then I could understand. But for the bus to not turn up at all and no notification to anyone that there would be a delay ...to me that is totally unacceptable and disgusting. IT WAS A BUS GOING TO AN AIRPORT of course people have flights to catch.Reply to FlixbusThanks for your reply Flixbus. I did give my phone number but it appears it didn't go through. I had 3 trips booked with your company in that week I gave my number with each booking, the ph number came through on the other two bookings but doesn't appear on this one. Seeing as your buses travel such long distances and you offer bus services to airports. Maybe it could be bought to customers attention when making a booking that these buses can run up to 11/2 to 2hrs late due to the distance they have to travel and the possibility of traffic delays and driver rest breaks. As when I booked your bus the web site gave 3 departure time options 3.20am 5:45am  6:15am that morning of three buses arriving Berlin SXF from Dresden that morning all with an arrival time before 9am and in actual fact due to traffic delays etc that you are claiming? Supposedly only the early bus at 3.20am would of made it before 9am. Had I been made aware of this fact prior to booking I could of booked the earlier bus. There were a few distressed people waiting for that bus on the 29th and a few people did miss their flight. When the booking is made it doesn't mention where the bus is coming from and that it could have long delays. In all fairness to your customers this should be clearly stated.", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "I booked a return from from Eindhoven to Bruges with Flixbus, thinking that it would be more convenient and less stressful than driving. However, that was a mistake. A few things to be aware of if you're considering booking Flixbus:1) The bus can run extremely late, and they won't inform you of it accurately. From Eindhoven to Bruges, the bus arrived 30 minutes late, and on the way back, the bus arrived an hour late. In the end, along with a 45 minute 'break' at a remote gas station despite the fact that we were running extremely late already, I arrived in Eindhoven 2 hours later than the time given by Flixbus.2) Nothing works. The toilet wasn't working, and the wifi that they advertise  for all trips is a false claim because it apparently doesn't work outside of Germany. 3) Extremely unfriendly staff. The bus driver snapped at passengers who asked why we had to have a 45 minute stop at a remote gas station when the bus was already running 1.5 hours late. My guess is that it's a legal requirement, but it's only a guess because we were given no explanation about it. If the driver would taken the time to explain the reason for the stop, we would have all been in a better mood.In conclusion, whilst Flixbus is a great concept and appears to offer a convenient alternative to driving or trains, I would advise users to think twice before booking because he or she may be in a for a long and frustrating journey.", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'The lost and found team does not work, it\'s just for an automatic message "We do not find your bag, we are sorry but fu** you".They are inaccessible for a chat. Other employees are in charge to say anything, but nothing about seeking lost luggage.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "I booked with Flixbus 2 rides. One from Venice to Ljubljana and the other from Ljubljana to Zagreb. The second one was an awful experience. The departure should have been in 4:30 in the morning. I waited until 5:30 and as I had not clue if it is just late or if it won't come at all, so I took a train at 6:20.I was waiting in the pouring rain with only 1 hour of sleep and was frustrated to find that their 24 7 service is not available. I contacted them trough Facebook and they responded while I was already in train for Zagreb and said to me that the bus was late 30 minutes. This was an obvious lie, so I got even more frustrated. There is one place where Flexibus gather in Ljubljana I was in front of it the whole time.So, the biggest problem was not that it was late but that they would not accept to give me a refund wich is in my opinion considerably small when comparing how frustrated I am now and that I will share my bad experience with this company with my friends and family. So, hopefully they will not do business with them as I did.They can be called Flexibus as I see that they are flexible with their timeline. So, please do not use this company if you are not flexible with yours.", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Booked online, Malmo to Copenhagen, return trip. The trip went well, but the trip was a disaster.1. I noticed that the wrong dates were on the tickets. It seems that Flixbus changes their journey to the next day. A default setting that seems strange when traveling short distances between Malmö and Copenhagen.2. On the billiards and the website was the time for the bus at 19.10. At the sign at the bus stop in Copenhagen stood at 19.40 ??? What is right? 3. Does not matter because the bus never appeared! After an hour\'s wait, we decided to take the train instead.4. I wrote an email to Flixbussen the same day when we returned to Malmö. I did not want a "credit voucher" but the money back instead. They have not responded! Bad style, I think.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Do not use this company because they are very badly organized. The first and last time I took this because the wrong destination was written on it, and the wrong bus number too. And I had to guess that it was not the good news that was displayed, so I did not board a bus to Milan knowing I was going to Paris. It seems that it does not pose a problem for them such a difference of destination..I do not recommend this company, and will never take these cars. This company is in addition to bad faith. Good luck to those who have already booked their coach tickets!', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'This was due to their careless managing of luggage and people.This was 5 months ago. At first I was awfully treated by their employees. Two of them actually told me ït\'s not my problem". After that was totally ignored no answers, nothing. Then, they made me come up with the receipts of the lost Items. For the receipts I could find (around 50% of what I had), they reduced the values almost by half, even though my stuff was 1year 4months old (they applied a ridiculous 3-year depreciation). Now all they say they will pay (around 1/4 of what they owe me) out of "good-will"I have no words to describe all that Flixbus made me go through, and how much frustration I had to endure so far. PLEASE don\'t support this company, do not travel with them!One more thing, I just met another person who is going through the exact same thing, it seems to be their operating procedure.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'I traveled with Flixbus from Amsterdam to London, and had a terrible journey with them. I then proceeded to call them and was told to send an email to Forderungs Management. I did that but it has been more than 2 weeks and I still have not received any reply. I therefore decided to leave a review, by copy and pasting my complaint email below, which described my terrible experience in detail."Dear Forderungs Management,I am writing to you to request a refund for my trip from Brussels-North Station to London Victoria Coach Station on May 3rd 2016.I am sure I am not the only one who has sent an email regarding this specific journey, because it was a very frustrating journey.Below I will give you the account of what happened.Bus N84 arrived one hour late at Brussels North Station. We were scheduled to depart at 2.20am, but we ended up departing only at 3.30am. During this one hour, passengers were forced to wait outside in the pouring rain with not much shelter in the middle of the night. We were not at all informed of the delay, and were left wondering whether the bus was coming at all. We did not receive any text messages to inform us of the delay. When the bus finally arrived, the drivers had no communication with the passengers about what caused their delay, and there was no apology.At the French border, we were delayed by at least another hour. There was a couple on the bus who had their dog with them and apparently that caused them a huge problem. We don\'t know the exact details of this incident because the drivers again, did not communicate with us on what was happening. Again, we were left in the dark, forever waiting for the bus to move. When we finally moved a few meters and arrived at the UK Border Control, the same couple ran into trouble again because of their dog, causing us another 1 hour and 30 minutes delay. We were scheduled to take the eurotunnel at 6:50 am, but because of the delay, we only took it at 9:20 am. I also need to remind you that on my ticket, it said that the arrival time is 8:15 am in London, so the equivalent of 9:15 am Brussels time. At 9:15 am, we were still in the bus in France. We were also during this whole time, were not let out of the bus, and so we could not get any breakfast to eat. The last meal I had was dinner the previous day, on the 2nd of May.We finally arrived in London at around 11 am (UK time), but only to be at the wrong side of the station because the drivers failed to understand that departure and arrivals were not at the same place. Moreover, when a staff of the London Victoria Coach Station asked the driver whether he is arriving or departing, he said "Departure". I was coincidentally near the driver, so I then proceeded to shout out the window at the staff to tell him that we are actually just arriving, and that we are 3 hours delayed. The drivers were laughing at the fact that we were delayed by 3 hours.My partner and I had another connection bus to catch at Victoria Coach Station that was departing at 11am. We missed it, because we were still in the bus as the drivers navigate themselves to the correct arrivals area of the station. The communication between the bus drivers and the staff that was assisting in giving directions, was comical. The drivers\' English proficiency was very poor, and the staff member was forced to use very simple baby English. When we finally were allowed to leave the bus, it was clear that my partner and I have missed our connection bus. We were then forced to buy another ticket, which was more expensive that the initial tickets we had.Due to this massive delay, we were also forced to cancel all our meetings for that day and this has caused us much inconvenience. Due to this, we then had to reschedule our entire week, which proved to be very difficult and problematic. I am therefore asking for a full refund for this trip. The pain we went through was unacceptable."I hope that the management will finally take action and reply to my email.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'I am a South African citizen with my first language being Afrikaans. However as I travel and know most people can\'t speak my mother toung I fall back on English to communicate. Traveling in France has not been easy trying to communicate but so far the people I delt with have been very accommodating.However this bus driver has extremely rude.I arrived at the bus stop early with about 4 other people and he made us wait outside. I then approached him asking if there is any shops where I can buy food as I am pregnant and need to eat frequantly. I left my hotel early morning without food thinking there will be a shop at the terminal. He then ask me to say what I said in French. I told him unfortunately I can not speak French and He just mubled somthing and waved his hand at me to leave. I again asked so there is no place to buy food and he started raising his voice saying things in French and told me NO FOOD! No SHOP! Wait till Paris!!! NO FOOD!!He then politely looked at the rest of the people and told them in French to board the bus. I stood in line but he them looked at me skipped me and went around me and helped the men (French) behind me and only lastly mumbled something in French and helped me last. After that he continued to be rude to me where I said nothing. All I asked "in English" was where I could buy food. This man was not only rude and disrepectful to a pregnant woman. He  was a racist agains the "English"I would suggest if you do chose their services rather not speak!', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Its the most pathetic Bus i have experienced, i was supposed to travel from Erlangen to Rome with switch in Munich. But in Munich there stupid driver did not allowed to board as he has having no knowledge about visa i had. he thought i was not allowed to travel. i registered a telephonic complain and it took me 35 minutes of waiting to talk to their executive. then i  e-mailed them and since last 4 days they have nor replied. Mycase 00394870: Booking Reference Number #8016669146', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Really disappointed to discover that the toilet on the bus was out-of-order for the 3 hour trip (Brussels-Amsterdam) and the wifi was also not working. We paid a price for these tickets thinking that toilet and wifi would be available- as listed on the website- but they were not.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "Flixbus has the no service at all!! I booked a ticket to Hamburg from Copenhagen in the morning. The bus was supposed to leave at 8.45 am and I got a text message saying that the bus was delayed 1 hour and 45 minutes. So instead of leaving at 8.45 am it would leave at 10.30 am. I was standing at the bus stop at 10.05, waiting to board the bus. At 11.00 am there was still no bus in sight, so I called the company. They could tell me that the bus was already on its way to Hamburg. It had left the bus station at 10.00 am. 30 minutes to early!!!!! Now I naturally got confused, sad, mad etc. and even more as I found out They didn't even want to give me a refund ticket to take the next bus 5 hours later! I am so furious with their service! Do NOT book with this company! Flixbus is not to be trusted !", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'My trip from prague to dresden that should have only take 2 hours only, has become 7 hours due to the the bus drive compliance problem with the local driving regulation in prague. Some passengers were managed to take another transportation at that time.Most of the passengers has already known that this bus company never departed on time and always arrived late in the destination. It even got worst, since most of the driver\'s are only speak in german (and most of the german [that I met during the trip] are simply said "no english" to the foreigner), which makes it really hard to know what is the actual reason of delay of the trip, not to mention about the problem of hearing the name of the destination (since the voice is really low and not understandable due to the accent of the driver).', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "With five hours to kill in Munich's bus station, why not write a review. The gist is, if Flixbus worked seamlessly, without traffic jams, it's great. But in our case, it didn't. Here are some objective reasons why you should think twice about going with them. 1. Customer service kicks you out of their office at 12 midnight sharp.2. Locating their buses is confusing. There are no signboards whatsoever. 3. 24/7 hotline is not English speaking friendly. The English speaking hotline is available at certain hours. If you dial 1 for English after hours, it will hang up automatically. 4. Traffic jams can happen twice. Even with a 45 minute lay over is not enough to catch your connecting bus. FYI we were going to Salzburg to Milan via Munich.", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "If your travel plans through Europe involve bus travel, you'd be advised NOT TO USE Flix Bus. Unless you want to sit in a bus that promises 3 hour direct travel but makes abrupt stops for passengers, thus extending the travel time. A bus with no wifi. Who can sit for 4 hours or more with no wifi. A bus that changes signage and doesn't adequately inform its passengers. A bus where you pay driver cash and get no receipt. Unless you want all that and more, oh, no bathroom, then, please use them and be inconvenienced. To top it off, I tried to resolve these issues with them online like a good social media activist, I went through Twitter. They contacted me and sought more information. Apparently at 4:53pm they sent me a text advising me that my scheduled bus would not contain the FlixBus logo. 4:53, 7 mins before the scheduled time of departure, how convenient. However, I didn't receive this text, and started to believe it was never sent. I receive alerts from my bank in Nigeria, and other non pertinent texts but not this so called text from Flix Bus that they supposedly sent. In between my discussions with their social media customer service person, he/she proceeded to block me after telling me there was nothing that could be done in regards to my missing the bus, or getting me a receipt to account for my expenses made abroad. what kind of business are you running when you can't offer customers receipts or refunds for your shabby notification methods. Plus, now wifi and no bathroom is no huge sell either.", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': 'Beware!! Flixbus is okay if you book in advance but on their website it says you can also buy tickets from the driver. When you go to buy the ticket it costs THREE TIMES AS MUCH. Very disappointed in their service.', 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': 'The bus was 40 minutes late. We called their hotline and they \xa0DO NOT speak English!! We had no idea where the bus was or if we are at the right spot. We asked a German/English person speak instead who was waiting for the same bus. Everyone kept saying it was "coming". Finally after the 2nd phone call it arrived and we went on. Later finding out the back window was shattered, broken. They drove off regardless which was fine by me I just wanted to goto Prague. They made a big circle and 15 minutes we were back to where we\'re at. They signaled us to get off. We had no idea when we were getting on or when the next bus was. From the other travelers I heard it was 15 minutes then also 2 hours!! We tried calling the hotline again and now the hotline was not valid. They had blocked our numbers apparently so all we can do was email. After 2 hours we heard from someone else they got an email. We checked our email and finally got some confirmation we got a revised booking for the 15:15 bus. Our original bus was suppose to be at 12:15. We finally got on but the poor others who didn\'t have internet connection had to wait for stand by and not know if they\'ll get on. I reassured they would because I like little looked at the booking and there was space. We all got shit seats but at least we\'re on our way. I will never book FlixBus again.', 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': 'The bus was 40 minutes late. We called their hotline and they \xa0DO NOT speak English!! We had no idea where the bus was or if we are at the right spot. We asked a German/English person speak instead who was waiting for the same bus. Everyone kept saying it was "coming". Finally after the 2nd phone call it arrived and we went on. Later finding out the back window was shattered, broken. They drove off regardless which was fine by me I just wanted to goto Prague. They made a big circle and 15 minutes we were back to the satiation we we\'re at! They signaled us to get off. We had no idea when we were getting back on or when the next bus was. From the other travelers I heard it was 15 minutes then also 2 hours!! We tried calling the hotline again and now the hotline was not valid. They had blocked our numbers apparently so all we can do was email. After 2 hours we heard from someone else they got an email. We checked our email and finally got some confirmation we got a revised booking for the 15:15 bus. Our original bus was suppose to be at 12:15. We finally got on but the poor others who didn\'t have internet connection had to wait for stand by and not know if they\'ll get on. I reassured they would because I looked at the booking and there was space. We all got shit seats but at least we\'re on our way. I will NEVER book FlixBus again. And get this, after I\'ve already return from my vacation I get a text that they are sorry about our bus being in an accident and we are able to take the 13:15 bus 060 LIne. Use eurolines it\'s much more organized and you get an actual person to speak with at inform when we took our trip from Amsterdam to berlin. Or book the train.', 'stars': '1.0'}
