{'review': 'The driver was rude. It is difficult to refund the money', 'stars': '2'}
{'review': "Do not ride with me again !! I went with my mom from Regensburg to Prague and back. The outward journey was good, no problems. Return: At Prague Central Station there are 2 Flixbus stops. One directly in front of the train station and one across the street (big street that can only be crossed by an underpass). We were an hour before departure at the train station to find out which bus stop the bus departs. At both stops is the drive to Regensburg turn, not very helpful and totally confusing for people who do not know. But since on the ticket 'in front of the station' we also decided for this stop, as there were two more people for our bus arrived we were pretty sure that we were right. Then a bus came across the street. One of us went there to see if we were possibly wrong, even before he reached the bus, this drove off already. Still we thought that's not our bus, because he drove rather than ours should. After 10 minutes I then called the Flixbus hotline and after 5 minutes on hold I was told that this was our bus. I said he can not drive when 4 people are missing and then even more than stated. The answer was 'the bus drivers do not even know how many passengers they have'. There was no other bus on this day to Regensburg or surroundings. For our ticket s we have only one coupon -2 € cancellation fees. No money back !! We had to go by train and get picked up in mushrooms, as no train drove to DE. Of course that cost us much more money and time. At home we were 2 o'clock instead of 23 o'clock. Thanks to Flixbus for the brilliant night !!!", 'stars': '2'}
{'review': 'The price is good. The ticket store in Vienna for the return ticket from Bratislava did not put the way to the desired station and did not tell us. You have to go back to a completely different station. You should be careful and quotation is written because it does not matter who matters to them only to buy the ticket regardless of the timetable and your needs.', 'stars': '2'}
{'review': 'I drove on the 19.10 with Flixbus from Frankfurt to Bern. Line 122.! 0 minutes before departure I got a text message that another bus came, a white from another company asked. Nice and good. When I got in I noticed that the bus looked pretty dirty, in the gaps between the window and the seat was all dirty on the floor. Times quite off that on my curtain something brown / red stuck what I did not want to define in more detail. On the descent was no real announcement nor was it declared that you should buckle up or how to turn on the light on the toilet. Accordingly, the first 5 passengers went to the bathroom with their mobile phone lamp. I used to be used to taking regular breaks, especially for smokers. I must also criticize that, the driver never stopped and drove on immediately. What can be quite exhausting with a journey of 7 hours. Finally arrived in Freiburg, I took the short opportunity to go out to quickly smoke one. After a few moves, the doors closed and the driver drove off. I was just able to get in fast, but 3 others were still outside. 2 of the passengers on the bus rushed to stop the driver. After all then back on the bus and the bus moved a few meters, we stopped again. The driver had left the flaps open at the bottom of the bus where the suitcases were stowed. They had to be closed then. On the whole, a huge horror for me. At the departure in Freiburg then came an announcement with "Next stop Bern at 13:25 clock" which was completely wrong. We were not even over the border! And the next station was Basel. Finally, I arrived on time as on my ticket listed in Bern.', 'stars': '2'}
{'review': 'Permanent delayed buses and no promised SMS notification before, or 10 minutes before the actual departure time. The wifi has never worked on my rides until now. All in all, not recommended.', 'stars': '2'}
{'review': 'The low price and positive experiences of friends made me book a trip from Berlin to Jena on Flixbus as well. The booking process was straightforward, except for the fact that I was wrong in the date. By calling the service hotline and the help of a very friendly staff, this mistake was fixed quickly, the booking was canceled and I booked for the right date. So far, so good. The trip from Berlin to Jena turned out to be simply horrible. The bus was completely overheated and the heater could not be turned off. The toilet stank pitifully, so that the travelers who sat in the immediate vicinity, the nose shut up when the toilet door opened. The bus driver was unfriendly to aggressive, but drove at least reliably.And on my return I saw then that I had been deducted the canceled account booking. At my request, I received the notification that I could get the money back, minus a handling fee of 2 euros. My question, why I would have to take over the 2 euros, since this is not my fault, remained unanswered until today and I was not refunded the amount either. This was definitely my first and last ride with Flixbus!', 'stars': '2'}
{'review': 'Have each booked connections without bus change. The drivers themselves were quite experienced, no one was punctual. The busses inside neat, average good seating, not handicapped accessible. WLAN o. K., In the basement odor nuisance by toilet. Only cold drinks and a few sweet snacks are offered. The driver in Aachen came in the morning about 10 minutes later, but was very friendly and fix. Shortly before Munich, the toilet was cleaned (?!); a little later came the statement that all passengers have to change to another bus - this bus must be in regular maintenance after a one-week use. Hee? Maintenance is known to be "planned", what was wrong - the reason for the communication, the technical condition of the bus, poor planning of the maintenance or the lack of interest in customers? Overall, a delay of about 30 Minuten.Der bus for return (21:30) came in time, the driver was nice and competent. But his colleague ... He ran with unclear "goal" several times around the bus through the crowd of waiting passengers with the statement "I need space!", Without causing anything. Then both disappeared, the departure time was now clearly exceeded. Then they came back, and the "companion" began again to push through the waiting, shaking again and again at the one luggage door, which was obviously closed. Finally, with a force that the latch almost flew away ... I do not know if the door has survived the well. The driver came in, quietly pointing at the other, beside the existing and unfinished luggage door, and the opportunity to open the second locked door from the inside. Now the "companion" was shaking the inside of the said door with all his strength ... (you already suspect? Yes, with "zero success"). The driver tried all the keys, and one fit ... The passengers crowded from one bus entrance door to the other, because it was not clear how to proceed - check in first or drop off your suitcases. The "companion" now stepped out of the inside of the luggage compartment, shooing the people standing in front of him again with his "I need space here!" and the call "Amsterdam!" Many came forward, under it directly in front of him standing couple with a toddler and stroller. There was an immediate discussion about the number of luggage and passengers, he always counted with the accompanying family member. Nothing happened until the driver helped. As someone "Rotterdam?" asked, the "companion" dismissed this brusquely - "I said Amsterdam, understood!" The driver has just helped. The passengers were extremely angry, one has already threatened with beatings. Finally, everyone found a place in the bus, there were still a number of empty seats; whoever could, availed the free seat to sleep until we left Stuttgart stop, so around 01: 10h. The "companion" answered with "I need all seats immediately, for 15 people!" and shook anyone who has used a vacant space. Someone\'s shoes had slipped into the corridor, the "companion" was already yelling, "Whose shoes, whose shoes?" and shook people again with "Are they their shoes?". Now an elderly lady came who was torn from sleep and did not understand what was going on - she also explained that she was hearing-impaired and could not understand what her "companion" wanted from her. There was again incomprehensible discussion on the part of the "companion" because of hand luggage of the woman, he threatened her with police use and ejection from the bus, reported by mobile phone already a bus delay because of "claim of Mehrplatz o. by the woman and the planned deployment in the headquarters. That would mean a considerable delay for everyone. After extensive measurement of the hand luggage by the "companion" and "penalty payment" the journey continued with the woman and her luggage. After the following stop there were still some free seats ... Aachen we reached with 30 minutes delay and a fresh Crew.Fazit: The rides are cheap, previous drivers good. No value is placed on service, no value is placed on the crew. The burden on the crew is inappropriate, people are sorry for me. This then comes 1: 1 at the riders. Flixbus has no clientele but a Busauslastungsmenge, now this company uses the position of the provider market. The DB pulls but with their "economy price finder" priced just for the other trips now, has better locations with their network and better service. Be on the next trip the DB test. I have a hint to the company Flixbus - Air Berlin ...', 'stars': '2'}
{'review': "90 minutes late. 18:15 from Bremen to Amsterdam. Due to the delay connection bus missed in Leer. I'm avoiding Flixbus to avoid a crap you're used to from the railway. Horrible ride with Flixbus at this time. Info mail is absolutely useless when traveling. Only seen today. I do not check my mails when I'm on the road.", 'stars': '2'}
{'review': 'The bus driver was really rude, was only complaining and drove like a stupid that I got a headache', 'stars': '2'}
{'review': "I had canceled a reservation for two people and paid two euro cancellation fee. That's okay. I wanted to get my voucher paid out, because I did not know when I would go with Flixbus next time. After three weeks, the customer service has responded to my mail and has paid the voucher. But again two euros processing fee were required. These would be mentioned somewhere in the terms and conditions, as I was told on the phone on demand. This is certainly not transparent and should be better stated.", 'stars': '2'}
{'review': 'Priced absolutely fine, so apparently you have to make real significant drawbacks in terms of punctuality. Completely understandable that there is a margin for delays but 2 hours later in a drive of promised seven hours drive time is just not acceptable. But the main thing take a three quarters of an hour break after four hours of driving and a delay of 30 minutes. In the end, incompetent! Fortunately, our hotel was accommodating', 'stars': '2'}
{'review': 'I drove with the flixbus from linz industriezeile to munich today. The bus arrived half an hour late, but one was not notified. At the flixbus hotline itself, I was in the waiting loop for a quarter of an hour, at some point I gave up There was absolutely nothing to shelter at the bus stop, I was completely soaked in the rain that occurred in this half hour, which made my bus ride very uncomfortable, because it was very cold in the bus. Basically, the bus would be nice and pleasant to sit, but the remaining factors have been very unsatisfactory.', 'stars': '2'}
{'review': 'Buses are new, but not high-quality. Everything dribbits, the seats are rather stiff, and the folding table is completely uncomfortable, it all shuts off from shaking. The Internet is limited in traffic of 150 megabytes and operates only in Europe. The trip is more than 24 hours, and there are no hot drinks on the buses (coffee, tea). Even buy on the bus is not possible.', 'stars': '2'}
{'review': "Not all staff are professional.Zapasaytes money, patience and time. It is very dangerous to go with transplantation. We landed on a deserted stop, (most likely the driver confused the stop with the bus station), to which the bus did not come and we, thanks to people's help, reached the bus station and found a new flight for which we had to pay as for the whole trip. And if you did not have a bus !? ...... We cost twice as expensive, longer and with great stress. The passenger's rights are not observed. We called and wrote to the post office, no support and no material compensation. It's not nice", 'stars': '2'}
{'review': 'You can count on one! Unpunctuality!', 'stars': '2'}
{'review': 'Bus ride Kornwestheim - Frankfurt- FlensburgI could not continue from Frankfurt because no bus with my me indicated bus number drove off. On request only standard letter on bus order for delays, which had nothing to do with my situation. No reimbursement of the travel expenses for the escaped journey, instead of this value coupon.', 'stars': '2'}
{'review': 'Dirty toilets and unpunctual. If you want to travel comfortably and reliably you should look elsewhere.', 'stars': '2'}
{'review': "Bus left 8 minutes early. I arrived 5 minutes before regular departure, because I was stopped by another traffic jam. The transfer on the following day promptly cost 73% mehr.Flixbus claims to be affected by traffic jams itself. 15 minutes, the customer should be there earlier. In the case of a previous departure despite missing guests, flixbus can not expect any apology or apology. Service, especially 'good', looks different. Therefore = thumbs down.", 'stars': '2'}
{'review': 'The Flixbus offer is good. Had this time just bad experiences with the driver. Hope it remains an exception ...', 'stars': '2'}
{'review': '20 hours drive from Saarbrücken to Hamburg. So 7 hours late !!!!!!!! That does not even manage the train. Then in the middle of the night (3:30 clock) in Hamburg from the bus left without connection! Return trip by train made and the return ticket rather expire. Customer service and apology no. Unfortunately!!!!!!!!!!!!!', 'stars': '2'}
{'review': 'I am sitting in the fully occupied Flixbus from Bolzano to Munich. All passengers in the left row are partially in the rain as it drips from the luggage rack. At the request of some fellow travelers no dry towels or plastic bags were provided by the staff. The two drivers showed little understanding and were not interested in improving the situation at all. Now we have been at the border control for more than an hour. Getting out is prohibited by the police. However, the toilet in the bus is useless and is in a miserable condition. The drivers did not inform us passengers, neither about the experience of the control nor about anything else. However, it is not comprehensible that drivers do not advocate proper access to existing public toilets.', 'stars': '2'}
{'review': 'The prices for the closer stops are more expensive and one is forced to choose the journey from a more distant stop to pay less. Individually adjustable ventilation above the seats, so that everyone can decide for themselves whether they want cooling or not. The bus driver should not sound the whole bus with the radio if you want to sleep or listen to music or watch a movie.', 'stars': '2'}
{'review': 'Today ticket sibenik -split acquired (only 1 place, no wheel, both did not agree!) Until was of samorec osä, not marked, not agezeigt.Guücklich on board, no app-ticket is accepted (kenmen do not scan ) Climate failed, 30g indoor temp. documented. Arrival 15min late in the Bushööle from Split.', 'stars': '2'}
{'review': 'Bus left 45 minutes late, so I missed my flight.', 'stars': '2'}
{'review': 'Cheeky co-workerThe delay that the bus had made me not much, although I had thereby missed my connecting train. The behavior of the driver all the more! My suitcase was at the bottom under a tower of other suitcases. (Since the bus was booked out) The bus driver could not think of anything better, watching me work my way out and ask if he could help me ?! With "no"! to answer. The height was, however, when he still with me: I have to go on !!! verbally attacked. The service of the postbus and its routes (ilmenau - Stuttgart) are once again severely missed.', 'stars': '2'}
{'review': 'Same connection (line 170 destination Stralsund, start 07:20 in Dresden Bf Neustadt) has the second week an unacceptable delay (1h 45min and 55min). If you really need to be there on time - I can not recommend Flixbus. Even a refund of cancellation fees will be rejected.', 'stars': '2'}
{'review': "I was travelling with the Flixbus from Paris to Leiden (route 803, departing from Port Maillot, Paris on 2.06.17 at 22.15). There were two drivers, and one (Kees) was super-rude. He was shouting at passengers, not allowing to take place downstairs, doing his check-in with a sigarette in his hands, and telling people: if they immediately don't shut up, he'll stop the bus at the nearest gas station and set them out (i'm reciting directly). In general, he was EXTREMELY RUDE, something many times crossing the border of normal customer friendly communication. Also, he was announcing everything in Dutch, which is strange for an international bus route where most of the people were foreign tourists. I strongly think that these kind of people shouldn't work in the companies with a good reputation and customer-oriented, which I believe FLIXbus still is. I don't believe such people can change or undergo some training. It's character which don't change, so - my humble advice: just fire them and get normal people on job. The other driver, named Henk, was very nice and helpful though. When I explained that I'm having a medical operation for which I can't be late, he tried his best to make the bus arrive on time, even though the departure was 30 min late, while Kees was shouting that we can't demand anything from them.", 'stars': '2'}
{'review': 'Traveled many times outside of Germany without problems but this time I took it from Berlin to Hamburg. Bus was ok but horrible customer service. Some drivers are very rude! I asked 2 random flixbus drivers "does this bus take to Hamburg?" and they started to make sad jokes in German and I could understand they said "no we are in Berlin" and turned around and kept talking to each other. On top of that, I often get sick in buses so I asked if I could sit in the front since the whole bus was half empty but he said it was reserved. Nobody ever sat there! Horrible.', 'stars': '2'}
{'review': 'Bus driver and card controller mobbed the passengers for no reason, there were no sockets or Internet on board (without explanation or apology), driver turned the radio loud and zapped around so that everyone had to overhear the phone on the ear while driving. Driver greeted yet passed the passengers, did not give information about the delay of nearly an hour.', 'stars': '2'}
{'review': 'If there are no delays, I would recommend the FlixBus. But if they are, then service works very badly. Last week I drove to Vienna from Leipzig with a transfer in Prague. Bus arrived in Leipzig two hours later. Every 30 minutes I called to the hotline and each time they said "it\'ll be alright". In this way, I was late for the second bus, already in Leipzig, I understood it and called the hotline. The woman was very rude, she spoke very loud and aggressive. She told me that I would not get any money back, but I could take a later bus to Prague without paying more. In Prague bus was also late. Then I went to the bus driver with my ticket, he told me that I was not allowed to come in. I explained the situation to him, but his main message was "there is no room left and he does not care". But bus was only half well, rather, he did not return my ticket in the hands, but he threw it. I had to go out and started calling the hotline. It did not make sense because no one answers. Bus closed the door and drove a few meters, then stopped, opened the door and driver called me, that I could come. But they can not understand with what aggressive voice it was said. Luckily I was already in Vienna in the morning. But it cost too much nerve.', 'stars': '2'}
{'review': 'I know Flixbus from 2 views: The host of the almost daily at the bus station Prague waiting for his guests. In short: "Delays, undisclosed delays, neither station staff nor hotline know where the bus is". That\'s the norm for Flixbus for me. If it is more than 15 min. Delay is also happy to see nothing at all. Meanwhile, I ask my guests at the crew and ask me via SMS about delays to notify. Regiojet is more punctual, can inform about bus location and is more honest about delays. Complete cancellations of the journey have been made several times. Thanks Flixbus messed up the holiday. From the passenger: I am unfortunately used to the really luxurious Regiojet buses. In comparison, Flixbus means for me: 1. too short seat backrests 2. riders who are not able to find the bus station with a mobile phone service 3. delays 4. incompetent hotline. I have today on 31.05. at 21 o\'clock want to take the last Flixbus from Zittau to Prague. 20:54 clock was no Flixbus to see. At the bus stop on the Flixbusplan the bus does not arrive. Online shows "Bus is on time". Hotline says "today there is no bus, if he is late I can not see". Drove 21:15 clock by car and got the bus 40 minutes later on the highway. Either he simply made a turn around the stop Zittau or he left 10min too early. Good that I still had a car as an alternative.', 'stars': '2'}
{'review': 'I am with the bus connection timetable from Bergen Celle to Hamburg ZOB and the departure times from Hamburg to Bergen Celle which are offered very irregularly and very badly. The timetable is very thinned and you can not rely on the timetable. Would be desirable also a further connection to Hanover and back which is not offered.', 'stars': '2'}
{'review': 'I rode the bus 161 on 23.02.2017 from Regensburg to Nuremberg and 26.02.2017 from Nuremberg to Regensburg. The old bus driver: gray hair, old, screamed in Regensburg when we got on it like cattle. We thought: why is he screaming? We are without resistance have occupied the places in 2 back abbey. Because I have the severe disability, and all seats in front were free, I asked the old bus driver for the place ahead. I showed my disability card, but the bus drivers did not speak a word of German, The old guy screamed at me again, then after 3 minutes of his scream he showed me the front seat and said angrily "Lozhis\'." = Liegrunter, Platz! I also went with the old man, and I was afraid of him, but he also showed his power and shouted at me. No reason !!! I often ride the FlixBus, but I have not experienced that.', 'stars': '2'}
{'review': 'Because of the price-performance ratio over 5 years customer been ... until now. BACKGROUND In Munich, my standard hard-shell travel case was measured and classified as special luggage due to its 4 cm. I was charged 9 euros. For the return trip I wanted to register him, so call hotline. First it was explained to me that this was possible only 48 hours before, because one does not know which bus drives the route. After multiple requests, the employee could still see what bus drives and gave me the answer in double decker buses is a take my "special luggage" (as I said hard travel case 4cm too big) basically not possible. Another bus does not run on this route, which allows me to get my plane in Munich! What I do not understand the approved 2 travel luggage consume more space than my individual "special luggage" suitcase. But despite the attempt to clarify the whole of the hotline staff as well as by form only received flat rate responses or received a copy-paste email that did not respond to my request at all. So seen for travelers who need to plan more than 48h in advance , Plane, connection, carrying luggage is not customer friendly. So I\'m back on track and with the great luggage provisions of Flixbus, it is even € 5 cheaper! Thanks!', 'stars': '2'}
{'review': 'Good day, we had just when we turned into the terminal in Munich, 23:15 by SMS get the agreement that our connection bus 2 hours !!!!!! Has delayed and arrives at 02:35 at 00:35. Well, you can still cope in some way but at temperatures around freezing people without shelter then finally let 4 hours outdoors is gross and inhumane. Since shortly before 02:35 we received an additional delay of 50 minutes via SMS.', 'stars': '2'}
{'review': "I waited for the bus to arrive at 15:35 in Antwerp.I didn't get any notification in the meanwhile.The bus arrived at 16:35 and we didn't get a sorry or anything.The toilet is super unhygienic and there isn't even toilet paper!The bus drivers aren't very polite either. They were laughing with the passengers who would ask them questions as if we don't understand them.I don't care about how you can't predict delays or have them take their mandatory break elsewhere.What I do care about is that you only provide a full refund after a delay of 2 hours only.If I want to get to my destination on time, I feel like 1 hour is already enough of a delay!It just shows how frequently this company arrives late.", 'stars': '2'}
{'review': "I booked a bus trip from Hannover to Amsterdam. According to the timetable, the bus took a good four hours. Planned departure was 15.05h. The evening before, I received an SMS at 23 o'clock; the bus fails! Fortunately, I still read the SMS and immediately got in touch with flixbus. I was offered to cancel the trip or to switch to another connection. Since the trip could not be canceled, we spontaneously had to be in Hanover at 10 o'clock the next morning. One would think, who starts earlier, arrives earlier; No! After a change in Dusseldorf, incl. 1.5 hrs. Stay we finally arrived at 20.30h in Amsterdam. So we were on the road for over 10 hours, for the route Hannover Amsterdam ... I have not received an answer to my complaint even after three weeks.", 'stars': '2'}
{'review': 'To my luck (!) I was able to get a seat on my connecting journey from Munich to Nuremberg, because the journey was overbooked by 16 people. First the passengers already sitting in the bus were told that all persons had to leave Nuremberg without connection and had to take another bus about 1 ½ hours later (which would have taken even longer) (out there a few passengers with connecting buses to be reached stood). However, after nobody wanted to give up his place voluntarily, it was said that random text messages are sent and who receives one must get off - for me an absolute no-go. It can not be that the passengers for the error (the cause of the overbooking was unfortunately not named) will be "punished" by Flixbus. Ultimately it was then asked who voluntarily and free of charge with the train would go (when and whether ICE was not communicated) - here there were a few volunteers and there were still a few in front of the bus boarding. How the rest (about 10-12) people have been provided, unfortunately I do not know.', 'stars': '2'}
{'review': "Of course, the price of flixbus is very competitive. This is a huge advantage compared to the trains in Europe. My personal choice for flixbus is time, it is faster on some routes than the train and it drives in the night. Not many night trains in Europe.However, I experienced many issues in only 2 rides. Ride 1 was from Enschede (Holland) to Berlin, Germany. There was a delay of 1,5 hours, of which we got informed 20 min after expected arrival time. After that, in Hannover, some people could not enter the bus because it was overbooked, they just had to wait for a new bus at 4 AM in the night.. The second ride I took is from Enschede (Holland) to Cologne, Germany, but unfortunately the bus didn't stop at the indicated station. So we waited for 1 hour, getting used to the delay already, and then decided to call. Turns out the bus didn't go to the station indicated. Of course, when I was in the nightbus to Berlin it was comfortable enough. But you get what you pay for. A lot of uncertainty, delays & even unexpected cancellations. That's why this will be my last trip with Flixbus, I would prefer to pay them double if they had a better service level.", 'stars': '2'}
{'review': 'In the event that the bus has a technical error, you might want to have a replacement bus in the area ready. In our case, we waited 2 hours to find out that our trip (6:30) was canceled and we were rebooked on the next bus (9:15). It would be useful to ask passengers first whether they want this rebooking or not (in case they change to DB).', 'stars': '2'}
{'review': 'The bus was late and none of the passengers to be picked up has received a notification. I then tried in vain to call the customer center. The automatic voice told me the bus was on time, but that was not true. I did not come to a service employee. After more than 5 minutes I flew off the waiting line. When trying again this happened again. Even the drivers of another Flixbus could not or did not want to help us. When the bus came I would have wished at least an apology for waiting in the cold. Vergebens.I really wanted a better service. A pity.', 'stars': '2'}
{'review': 'Hello, unfortunately, we were on board no information on toilet use, driving time, shopping, internet and security shared. Furthermore, it was not shared that there will be a delay of 15min.kommen.Die drivers had no labeling, this from Flixbus Unfortunately, there was no short break, which would have been good for many older people and for me with a height of 2m.', 'stars': '2'}
{'review': 'I was not completely satisfied with Flixbus on July 29th from Essen to Ulm and during the trip something was broken 7 August I went back on August 7th I had called immediately and said I should write an e-mail send a photo and then I wrote an e-mail with photo what has broken is not yet got an answer I wanted to go back next year with flixBus but that has now done with this company I probably no longer drive: (', 'stars': '2'}
{'review': "First of all, I have to say that in the past I have often driven with Flixbus and was always very satisfied with price / performance. My last drive, however, was a minor disaster. The bus had a breakdown shortly after the stop in Reutlingen. The bus driver did his best to organize a new bus and driver etc. On the part of Flixbus, he could only be helped very late. Finally, we sat over two hours in a broken bus ... There were no alternatives (as about to change to train) offered what especially for guests who wanted to go to Munich was very annoying. Finally, we arrived with good 3 hours late in Stuttgart. That happens, no question, synonymous Flixbus can not big what the breakdown, but how during the breakdown and after dealing with customers is impossible, which is why I write this review here because you probably heard more here. First, I had the customer service Called, they told me it must be discussed with the team leader, what you get as compensation for the significant delay and I would then receive an email. After 3 days still no mail ... Called again and I was told that only by direct mail contact run and I would have to write an email in which I describe the case exactly. Done directly. After a week, an automatic response in which is apologized for the late response and hope that the case has done in the meantime .... Yes, no, he has of course not. I have called again and I was told it takes about 4 weeks It is now 6 weeks ago and I have not received any answer / compensation or similar. I have to say that since then I have really lost the desire to drive with Flixbus and lately and probably in the future more and more to train or car will change, because I'm tired of running out of money or the like and even so much Time must be put into something where you had already lost 3 hours unnecessarily in a bus. One is only deviated by the customer service .... From email contact referenced on phone and vice versa and no one seems to feel so responsible for the cases ...", 'stars': '2'}
{'review': 'I rode Flixbus a couple of times, once it was great, the second time I had to wait 30 hours on the bus, but the last time was just bad. Return from Cologne to Dortmund, bus comes 10 min. Later, and the bus driver is waiting another 30 minutes. before he starts driving! And the ride, nightmare pure! Loo was apparently broken, in the whole bus smelled of physical excreten! 2.5 hours we had to smell the Klogerüche !!! Imagine sitting 2.5 hours in the public loo !!! After the drive I had to practice right on the street !!! So you treat even animals, not only the people !!!!!', 'stars': '2'}
{'review': 'Departure with two hours delay. Arrival in Frankfurt instead of 0 clock until 3:30 clock! So had to take an expensive taxi home, because no train or bus drove more. The bus driver was rude and unpleasant. Because I wanted to get my rucksack in the trunk twice, he yelled at me or made sexist jokes ("you\'re not a girl." -aha, as a man, I\'m not allowed to forget anything in my luggage, and women, in his opinion, seem In general, more forgetting.) In Passau, two new drivers increased, which in turn led to 30 min stay. This was of course not scheduled in the original travel time. Unfortunately, the two new drivers could speak only moderately German and were just as rude as the previous one. I could not resist the impression that Flixbus is undesirable as a passenger! Overall a very bad experience. Since I feel the compensation voucher for another trip almost as cynical, because why would I want to repeat this experience?', 'stars': '2'}
{'review': 'I was on the route Munich - Zurich and Zurich - Munich. The first page was quite ok even though the bus from the incomprehensible for me reasons left almost 40 minutes later from the train station than it should. Nightmare back. There were several buses in this station in Zurich. At 15.30 was planned departure, on the ticket information about the need to be 30 minutes before departure. Until 3:30 pm we could not find a bus to go to Munich. The driver, who was at the station, was not happy to talk about anything despite being late and pretending not to see us. To the attention of the passengers that he might know something because everyone is on the heat he recommended to enjoy the sun. Then it turned out that it is with him go .. The bus left 40 m later, the stops were exceptionally long - the driver smoked cigarettes at the stops. In spite of the lack of bigger traffic jams instead of 19.25 we were at 21.30 ...', 'stars': '2'}
{'review': 'With the Atlassib Flixbus one drives very long from Vienna to Bucharest. about 20 hours ..... It glbt also a provider with 14 hours. So a small tour of Romania. The bus driver was very angry, because some, in Romanian manner, have scattered the crap. But the behavior of the bus driver was inappropriate. Unfortunately, he was also unfamiliar with the English language. 69, - is cheap, 20 hours driving time not funny, if you get for just over 100 euros return flight, an experience is worth it, but the route is not recommended.', 'stars': '2'}
{'review': 'These bus drivers had no orientation when we arrived at the airport. Despite signs "Terminal 2 straight" the bus driver turned right into the outdoor area. He looked stunned at the hall of DHL, which was far away from Terminal 2. The angry passengers warned the bus driver that he should finally drive to Terminal 2. It was very close with the checkin. Instead, the bus driver got out and ran about 50 meters behind the cleaning staff. The cleaning staff did not know where Terminal 2 is. A passenger went into one of the buildings independently, where no employee was found. The passengers were now so annoyed and loud angry, because we had lost by a traffic jam just 1, 5 hours already. When changing the driver at a rest stop, the bus driver stared so stupidly in a queue waiting at the taps, although 2 rows were only 2 cars. After waiting for 15 minutes, the bus driver finally noticed that the other ranks allowed a continuation of the journey. After the bus driver still did not know how he should get from the DHL hall to Terminal 2, he drove on good luck in the next street. Now it was enough for all passengers. He was asked to open the doors. 5 passengers got into a taxi to reach the check-in. All other passengers were wandering in the open air to get to Terminal 2 somehow. I myself found by chance the 800 meter long way to Terminal 1, there to the shuttle bus to Terminal 2 to climb. These bus drivers have cost us a lot of nerves and damaged the reputation of Flixbus to some extent. How do you send such diletants to a destination they have never checked before? This is not an advertisement for Flixbus if you send untrained drivers on tour.', 'stars': '2'}
{'review': 'Had on the way from Paris to Hamburg Betwanzen in the bus. I have been bitten extensively on this trip. Since I have traveled in Asia and South America in the past I can identify these pests without a doubt. In addition to the already unpleasant skin irritation I am allergic to these insects. I\'m well aware that the bug infestation does not necessarily indicate inadequate hygiene of the bus (usually the hotel), because the insects are registered by the luggage especially by backpackers. Nevertheless, Flixbus should take appropriate measures, a fight against these pests is not trivial but absolutely necessary to prevent further spreading. This I have (not publicly) written to Flixbus, with the request to explain what they do against the insects and my Farhtkosten refund. After a week, I got the following answer: "We are currently receiving an extraordinary number of inquiries and we apologize for the late response. We hope that your request has now been resolved. Please use the following link for information on the most frequently asked questions: We look forward to hearing from you We welcome you back as a guest soon. "I think this is outrageous and the background is negligent. My concern has NOT done and your problem bus distributed nicely the Bedbugs in Europe. Otherwise the rides with Flixbus imm ok and the drivers are mostly in a good mood and service-oriented. Of course Flixbus is not as good of quality as it is the Buscompanys in Argentina etc. where you feel like in a 1 class flight', 'stars': '2'}
{'review': "Already in May I had purchased the tickets to Berlin-Malmo-Berlin online. Departure is 10.07.16, departure time ZOB: 9.45 h. So it was booked and paid. Only by accident I discovered on the Flixbus website that on this day no bus to the above. Departure time to Malmö leaves. Then I asked pers. The Flixbuspersonal on the spot at the central bus station, what it has on it. It turned out that at this time booked no bus to Malmö !!! My trip would be rebooked on 10.07.16, departure ZOB: 7.30 h! Incomprehensible!!! If I had not looked and I had not asked, I would not have known that the bus at 9.45 h does not go to Malmö. I am not to this day. Flixbus system has been informed about this. Neither by SMS, nor by e-mail or call. At least that's what the local employee told me. Probably now waiting all passengers, who have booked the departure time at 9.45 h, on the bus to Malmö.Zwischenzeitlich I d. Flixbus DACH GmbH asked in writing to assure me that with d. Bus on 10.07.16, at 7.30 h to Malmö. On my ticket is still 9.45 h. The anticipation of a relaxing holiday with my family is sensitive disturbed, in that I'm worried that everything works out.", 'stars': '2'}
{'review': 'We booked a trip from Augsburg Kornwestheim. Unfortunately there were some problems on the trip. On the way there, the coach was taken out of service by the police and checked. According to the police, there was a wrong permit. The bus drivers could or did not want to give the passengers any information. The police then told us that the check would take several hours. Then we continued our journey at our own expense. Also on the return trip there were serious problems. We were half an hour before the announced departure at the Flixbus stop in Kornwestheim. The bus should leave at 20:35. Since after half an hour still no bus came, I tried to call the hotline. Unfortunately, I only got the announcement that all staff are busy and I should call later. I tried to reach Flixbus until about 21:15, unfortunately unsuccessful. We have at the time of booking a mobile phone number to get in case of a delay or similar notice. Again, nothing was communicated to us. We then through other guests who also waited for the bus, that the connection fails. Then we ran to the station to come back to Augsburg at their own expense. We had to buy a ticket for 90 €, as this was the last connection to Augsburg Hauptbahnhof. We are very disappointed that we were simply left by Flixbus without any information. We wanted to travel cheap and now sit at the cost of about 150 € Never again Flixbus ..', 'stars': '2'}
{'review': 'I booked again quite easy the drive from Celle to Magdeburg. Departure should be 16:45 o\'clock. Despite the desired late SMS, there was no such and in customer service, I could only after 1 hr jmd reach (previously the connection was canceled with the hint, I would like to call you later, because all MA are talking -> I would have waited too !!). When I finally reached JMD, it was said that the bus is late and there is 18:00 clock. It was about as well. Bus to Braunschweig was relatively full. The bathroom was under water, as a passenger to Brunswick has probably "washed" several times ... (which you could see on wet face, arms and pants) , The toilet paper was also ... Lucky the paper to dry hands nicht.Ich found it relatively fresh in the bus, I\'ve covered despite sweater still with a sweater. The ride itself was otherwise quite good. However, there would have been possibilities, I hope that this was due to the traffic situation ... otherwise we would have been faster and would not have usually only with 70 km / h slow-moving and constantly braking car driving "hinterherdackeln" need .If this was my first trip, I would have preferred to pay 5 euros more next time and would have gone by train ... Since there have been two very good trips so far, I hope for an exception.', 'stars': '2'}
{'review': "On the way to Rome, my girlfriend was sexually harassed by a passenger while she slept. Unfortunately, when she reported the incident to the bus driver, he barely reacts. We stopped at the next gas station and confronted the man. However, the bus driver just stood by the conversation and said nothing to the incident. After the man admitted the attack, he did not even have to leave the bus, which in my opinion would have been an absolutely necessary consequence. I wonder how Flixbus wants to counteract such attacks in the future. At least I'm absolutely disappointed and would not recommend a woman to drive with Flixbus.", 'stars': '2'}
{'review': 'All in all, I would have rated the ride with Flixbus with 4 stars, because the bus was on time and apart from the fact that the promised Wi-Fi did not work at all, the price-performance ratio was absolutely right. But unfortunately we had to realize with horror, that when we arrived at the bus station in Prague one of our luggage was missing. The driver was not very accommodating and said he had never seen the bag, which still makes me very angry, because his job is to load and unload the luggage. After much back and forth, we were then led to the Flixbus stand inside the station and a very courteous lady with good knowledge of German tried half an hour to find out where the bag could be - in vain. We decided to drive to the main train station to find out for yourself if maybe someone with the wrong bag got out. I was really shaken when, after more than an hour of complete insecurity and foraging, I saw the sports bag standing alone on the curb beside the road (where the bus had stopped). It was pure luck that the bag was still there and above all, that nothing was missing. An impudence to unload the luggage without making sure that it is also someone who has dropped out, and just let it stand. For this reason, the trip has unfortunately not earned more than 2 stars. Had we not found the bag of its own accord and by accident, we would probably never get it back, because the driver denied to have seen the bag.', 'stars': '2'}
{'review': 'The bus is one hour late, with no notification and there is no WiFi available on the bus. There were 2/5 journeys with Flixbus delayed in March 2016, one with SMS notification before 3/3 March 2016 without Wi-Fi', 'stars': '2'}
{'review': 'I have already driven twice with Flixbus. Outward journey is usually more pleasant, as long as not many other passengers ride. However, the Internet did not work and the band info, which is done at each stop (too detailed) in German and English language annoying a bit. On a return trip, despite the valid card, I had to make do with the last free seat on the bus, which was very tight. You have to be there as a traveler 15 minutes before, even if the driver arrives only 7 minutes before departure. In the price comparison with the train, I drive actually with the Rhineland-Pfalzticket for 24 euros cheaper, since I can use all means of connection of the public transport and temporally flexible. Of the journey time, the train is even 30 minutes faster, will change the next time on the train, then I am at home earlier.', 'stars': '2'}
{'review': 'The journey from Wurzburg to Berlin began ... It had to last 5 hours ... On the way, it stopped every two hours to eat like the children at the breast ... It arrives two hours later than indicated when buying the ticket ... If not out for the unpunctual it would be good', 'stars': '2'}
{'review': 'End of May Cologne - Prague. 1.5 hours delay due to motorway congestion, which was bypassed on the main road. Everything ok, except for the broken toilet seat. During the breaks, the bus is unfortunately with switched off ventilation and air conditioning in the blazing sun. Return trip 6 days later. Also in this bus, the toilet seat was torn several times. After Nuremberg V-belt torn: 2 hours rest area stay. A half-occupied bus picked us up. After approx. 30 minutes: clutch damage. 2 hours rest area stay. Only then decided MeinFernbusFlixbus 6Taxen to order. They drove us to Aschaffenburg. From there we drove with self-released DB tickets (2 people € 156) via Frankfurt to Cologne. Planned driving time in total approx. 10 hours. Actually approx. 15 hours. And now comes the true lack of the enterprise: the processing of cost assumptions! Already the next day we wrote a detailed mail with the experiences and the copy of the tickets (we had only received an SMS with the promise of free rides because of the bus failure). 14 days later we called (unfortunately the chargeable hotline). It was said that we would have to be patient, because the colleague who had the processed sick. Another 14 days later, we were informed that a reimbursement of costs could only be made in writing via an application form (print out the passenger rights). By the beginning of July we have done that. On 10th August came the news that the reimbursement is approved and it could take up to 14 days to pay out. Why this payment is not made with the authorization is a mystery to me. And it really took exactly 14 days. But we have been waiting for the promised free rides for more than three months.', 'stars': '2'}
{'review': 'Hello, the bus Vienna-Prague drove on 14.8. at 13:00 with 30 minutes delay (ie at 13:30) and had refugees on board, which were then brought by the Czech police from the bus. Overall, the delay totaled 2 hours, so instead of 3:55 we were traveling around 6 (!) Hours for the Vienna-Prague route. W-Lan there was none, the toilet was not usable, because - as the driver said - the day before it could not be cleaned. The driver said he will take a break every 1.5 hours so people can go to the bathroom. The driver was funny (because of his English) and nice - but chaotic. The whole ride (6 hours, refugees, no Wi-Fi, no loo) extremely annoying. I wrote Flixbus, but received no response. On Facebook I was answered very unfriendly that I should refrain "such insinuations". This was an official thing, because the police got the refugees from the bus. The Czech police can confirm that. Also when driving on 31.7. with departure at 11:00, refugees were taken from the bus. At that time even about a dozen (!). As written: Flixbus does not respond to such mails.', 'stars': '2'}
{'review': 'I regularly use the coaches from flixbus / meinfernbus on the route Frankfurt <-> Saarbrücken, because I can not afford the alternatives unfortunately. In 9 of the last 10 rides (90% !!!) the buses had delays of 15 minutes to more than one hour, without that you have previously been informed by SMS. If you ask other bus lines, if they know something, you usually get a snotty answer. In general, most bus drivers are unfortunately very unfriendly and unhelpful to some whose driving style is an absolute disaster! A particular annoyance, however, are the toilets on board. Even if the bus only starts in Saarbrücken, these are usually dirty, clogged or flushing / water do not work!', 'stars': '2'}
{'review': "Today I drove for the first time with FlixBus on the route from Berlin (ZOB) to Weiden. I always drove with Berlin Line Bus and saw the great cheap offer from FlixBus (22 €) and thought that I was driving with me. First impression was first an unfriendly, barely German speaking bus driver. I had to stow my suitcase myself, so I did not know about BLB so I was amazed. The impression of the bus itself is positively nice clean and well maintained but that is also the only positive. Then the bus driver has shown this little film what you have to consider, etc. Among other things, it was said that you can get snacks at the bus driver? But it was not said if standing or driving so I go out of both times and I find it violent that you can get snacks while driving the driver. He has to focus on driving and not on selling snacks. Should it not be allowed while driving then this should be mentioned anyway. Conclusion: I will not go on vacation with FlixBus again. I'd rather pay a few euros more at BLB and that's what customer service is all about! So for students who want to quickly from A to B, I find the completely arrangement but not to go on vacation. PS. I have nothing against foreigners! It's just difficult if you do not understand the driver and the driver does not.", 'stars': '2'}
{'review': "Recommended as long as everything runs smoothly and you shut up. A driver does not let you in, even though in smartphone app reservation and name is in it. No reply to 3 cancel emails, then withdrawal of direct debit. After reposting the direct debit reminder - one would always have answered within the usual time !!! Now the non-reaction at the cost of the customer is brought back. I prefer to drive, I have my ticket in hand, I'm faster at the finish. If I do not meet a deadline I immediately get resounding trouble. Even passenger rights such as damages for freezing, delay, Bahnkartenachlösungen not known. Because it is called on and contradictions just overheard. Absolutely disappointing. Customer is king.", 'stars': '2'}
{'review': 'Replacement bus, only a socket, unclean especially the toilet, unsecured luggage, no number assigned, everyone could have taken my bag, staff unfriendly to travelers who asked for information and not with flixbus were traveling.', 'stars': '2'}
{'review': "No cancellation possible. That's why I do not book a ride on Flixbus anymore", 'stars': '2'}
{'review': 'I often use Flixbus. At first I was very excited, I felt safe. I think you can not rate punctuality, because you can not predict the traffic situation. However, there has been lately confused me with any replacement buses. My last ride was just catastrophic. The bus was overbooked and the bus driver extremely rude and so ultra stressed that I felt insecure. I also think a bus driver should be sovereign instead of entertaining all the time and chatting with the guests. Unbeatable price - no question. But if I get this driver again I will only use myfernbus. Safety first!', 'stars': '2'}
{'review': 'Bus was one and a half hours after regular departure time not there, you got no information, hotline constantly occupied', 'stars': '2'}
{'review': 'Delayed departure due to the delay of the last journey', 'stars': '2'}
{'review': 'If you want to go somewhere, you do not want to be late. With you are always on the night trip from Hamburg to Bremerhaven sometimes 2-4 hours late. Therefore, I also think that the bus drivers are stressed a bit and against the customers are very hard (except Stefan).', 'stars': '2'}
{'review': "Drive from Regensburg to Mainz in august. Great price. But the bus came 90 minutes late without info, only after inquiring it was said he is coming soon, but did not come immediately. Arrival in Mainz almost 3 hours late. Never again. You already need good meat. Actually, one can think of starting from 16 o'clock in all cities around the station is at this time Roushhour.", 'stars': '2'}
{'review': 'I traveled the first time with the Flixbus. My route was Munich - Würzburg. Which of course is unbeatable, the fare of 11 €. The bus staff is friendly and helpful. There were no delays during my journey. However, I was very disturbed by the comfort. Of "legroom" can unfortunately be no question - and I am 1.75 cm tall and normal weight. The offered Wi-Fi had almost nothing worked, I was only 4 hours on the bus, as I have already asked how the passengers do that are much longer than me. I still hurt my back after 2 days and I arrived at the destination as anything but relaxed. That\'s a pity - but I wanted to give it a try. For me, this type of travel is out of the question .... unfortunately.', 'stars': '2'}
{'review': "My bus was 15 minutes late (plus I was 15 min early like the app 'recommended' freezing outside) and we still arrived 30 minutes late to my destination. The toilet was dirty and there was no toilet paper, and the wifi in the bus didnt even work. Very bad experience", 'stars': '2'}
{'review': 'The website says "Our buses are equipped with large and comfortable seats, a toilet, WiFi and power outlets." However, on my last and only two Flixbus rides have been on busses without a toilet and without WiFi. If you advertise it as such, it is expected. Also, the last flixbus this morning was in Brussels at 10am with wind speeds of 15mph, and there was no shelter-just a sidewalk. Euroline buses had a heated waiting room. I will try another line for my next trip.', 'stars': '2'}
{'review': 'Yesterday tried for the first time. 2 hours after departure time we received a text message that the ride was canceled. In the early morning 2 am waiting for nothing. Forced the train. We had already booked a bus for the return journey and we wanted to give the company another chance. Just received a text message that the bus has a delay of 55 min. Another 2 stars for the sms service for the way back that was on time. Furthermore, no positive experience.', 'stars': '2'}
{'review': "Me and a friend traveled with you d. 15 and d.20 from and to Berlin from Vejle. There we were 15 min late and home 40 min. We waited for Berlin on the bus for 25 minutes. We did not really know when it was the different places, and the driver in the bus was incomprehensible. That's why we had a real life experience with Flixbus, and therefore did not reach our trains. Besides the delays, the staff were sweet and the trip nice.", 'stars': '2'}
{'review': 'Should today (15/10) by bus from Odense S to Copenhagen at 14.20. We were 3 there by bus and arriving at 14.10. There is a bus waiting in advance, but we see no bus running from there at that time. The bus that stays there is a different departure from the bus, so we are waiting for the next bus. The subsequent many buses arriving are also not the ones we are going to join. After 30 min, we call Flixbus, and then get the message that our bus has been in Odense and has been driven. I am opposed to this since we have been there since 14.10! Customer Service indicates that the last check-in at the departure has taken place at 14.08 and the bus must be driven thereafter and he indicates that there must be at least 15 minutes before departure. Seems it is under all criticism that the bus does not wait until the announced departure time if there is anybody missing. This does not happen at the scheduled schedule and people can get stuck in traffic or similar to reach the bus ... On the positive side, however, I was refunded my tickets minus a fee shortly after! So now I have ended a proof of proof for a company that I really do not want to use again and have chosen to use a blackbill home to Copenhagen instead. Have traveled many times with the former red ticket, and never experienced the bus, even if there is 10 minutes before! ..', 'stars': '2'}
{'review': 'Very late ! Was traveling from Antwerp to London. Took us 13 hours instead of 7...', 'stars': '2'}
{'review': "It's been more than a year for me to travel with flixbus, and I have to say that I find the service much worse. It is undoubtedly dependent on the country where you take it (traveling a lot around Europe), but in the past two months I happened to do 6 trains between Italy and Denmark, stopping here and there, at different times and good or bad the experience was always the same. Leaving the bathroom hygiene, that probably depends on who is at the moment at that time, and which however also depends on the fact that there are always a lot of people on the bus some of whom behave like barbarians, I must say that on some things you can fly over. 1) Punctuality. I understand very well that you are traveling by land, traffic etc, but it would be desirable that the driver WARNED during the delay, how late it is and if it increases, say to the microphone. The last 5 trips I had between 45 minutes to 3 and it passes late, without anyone warning us of anything. 2) Stops. It seems to me that the stops depend on the driver and the number of hours he drives. It is unthinkable to face an 11-hour journey, which with the delay become 14 and not to stop unless you bring people down. Good that it is late, it's good that drivers do not need it because they give the gear in half But there are also passengers, and so many make long distances (as in my case the famous 11/14 hours, but I was not alone). 3) The methods of communication. Maybe it's my limit, but I do not know all European languages. When the driver says something to the microphone, he could make a small summary in English. Repeat maybe my limit, but in Germany the communications were in German and only in German, in Italy only in Italian, in France only in French and I think of all the poor passengers who do not speak the language of the place from which they left the flixbus.4) The organization. Maybe it's a bit general as an affirmation, but the organization leaves it to be desired. Starting from: landing at the destination and having to climb yourself to retrieve luggage in the hold (do not ask where the drivers are, I do not know); you get to a destination but you do not know what it is because the driver does not declare it and with delay you do not know if your destination is yours or a stop before or after; during a trip I'm NOT LOOKING, to some one there seemed to be more passengers than there !! Or anyway more passengers than they should be. PANIC for good 20 minutes, stand in the middle of nowhere to figure out that it happened. Conclusion as tight as sardines we continued the journey until the stop after where someone went down. I think flixbus is a great idea and could offer a great service. at the beginning it certainly was so. But now take one, it means getting boarded hoping to go for the best and leave at least two or three hours in advance because the delay has become chronic. A real shame.", 'stars': '2'}
{'review': 'The bus driver who drove the first distance of the return trip on my reservation was unpleasant and lacking all the service. He made the start of the trip from Jönköping and the day much worse. Luckily, the driver changed during the trip. Also went with Flixbus the day before and it was a good trip despite broken toilet and bus change.', 'stars': '2'}
{'review': "Bus was 30 minutes late to begin with and got stopped at border control for half an hour. I understand that these things aren't fully controllable, but I simply would have liked to know the truth so I could have booked an earlier ride at the very least.As it stood, I missed the last connecting train due to our extreme lateness and had to wait for 5 hours on the street in Zürich.FlixBus offering an estimated time which was wrong by about 80% of the total trip time is the first and last straw for me - I am confident that saving £15 is not worth spending a night as a homeless person.Furnishings of the bus were decent but clearly some problems with maintenance, as several of the seats were broken and would not stay upright, and the ride was accompanied by a metallic clanging and moderate vibration/thumping from the running gear.I will not travel with FlixBus again. Take it as you will.", 'stars': '2'}
{'review': 'Just travel from Vienna to Bratislava was a good experience since the bus was punctual. But was not so lucky when travel to Budapest from Bratislava Most SNP. The bus delay more than 30 minutes without any msg or notification. So sad and so bad service.', 'stars': '2'}
{'review': "Took with Flixbus when I saw that Red Ticket had been taken over by them. Unfortunately, there is a difference between the service of Red Billet and Flixbus. No sms in advance that tells about delays and how the bus looks like it can be found (especially a Kbh problem), no WiFi, small smelly buses, no fixed prices (it's a little more airline-like where they depend on time of day and how much time you order), generally just a really bad mood. Would recommend Black Ticket that runs the same concept from Red Ticket once did.", 'stars': '2'}
{'review': 'If you have meeting or flight  then you have to book earlier than the time you already planned because arriving late is normal with Flixbus, and some of the drivers are really  rude .', 'stars': '2'}
{'review': "Flixbus recently changed it's baggage allowance to one  piece of luggage in the hold and one hand luggage.  I had already booked and bought my tickets before this came in.  I got on the first bus in London but at Rotterdam the  second driver was quite happy to leave me on the station all night as I had two  pieces of luggage. The  other driver let me on with it when he realised I'd  booked before the new rule came in but  one clearly did not care if I was  left  sat there by myself all night.  I noticed many had  much more then me but  noone said anything to them due to ethnicity.  They clearly had not paid extra to take it either.  Coming home, I had to leave  a suitcase of stuff at a friends in Germany and  the bus was so late  I missed all my connections up to the North of the UK.  The driver was nice but the passengers were beligerant and rude and it was their faults  we  missed the shuttle back to the UK as  they  cleared off at the border to buy snacks instead of getting straight back on the bus as we were told to do.  This meant a  3 hour wait. Also people who take  small children on long overnight journeys need to review their parenting.  Also  please stop stuffing up the toilet with paper. It was full  4 hours before we  got back.", 'stars': '2'}
{'review': "I have taken the flixbus Brussels to Amsterdam  and vice versa several times. It's a low budget option. But...They are preety often late 30 min to a whole hour and their wifi wont work most of the times.Its a good option only for low budget. If u can afford something better just avoid them.", 'stars': '2'}
{'review': 'After Flixbus has bought redbillet and abildskou, the quality has been significantly lowered (but prices have risen). On my recent trip from KBH H to Vejle, the bus (which did not look like a Flixbus bus at all) was far from the Flixbus sign, and a staff member at the sign was both uninterested in communicating with the passengers and giving incorrect information ("the bus comes and stays here" ). When I and a handful of other passengers found the bus it was 20 minutes late when we left. The internet could not connect for neither my side man nor me. The tickets have become significantly more expensive and there are big differences in facilities in the various buses. Coffee in one bus but not the other etc. Then make a sms service so you know that the bus has arrived, so you can look for it instead of standing and getting stressed if you come along. The only thing that was a little positive was that the bus driver was good at it and was good', 'stars': '2'}
{'review': "I travelled to Mont Saint Michel from Paris Port Maillot on 14.08.17. The coach arrived 20 minutes late and was finally at Mont Saint Michel 60 minutes late!!!! As I was going to come back on the same day to Paris, they deprived me of one hour of visiting this wonderful attraction. Total disappointment and shame on the company! Unfortunately, I didn't complain to the coach driver because my French isn't that fluent.", 'stars': '2'}
{'review': 'Avoid this company if you need riability. Took a bus from Brussels-Paris, was supposed to arrive at 11:50, arrived at 12:30. I went imediately to the service desk at Paris Bercy station and asked to delay my ticket back to Brussels in from14h to 16:50. The guy delayed for 2 days after, when I went to catch the bus back to Brussels it was full, the women driving was very rude, no option for you, buy another ticket. I had a flight to catch, so the next available was at 21:00. They had a free place next to the driver, but still I was not allowed to enter even when the issue was their fault. Gonna lose my flight for fault of this flixbus employee. Never again', 'stars': '2'}
{'review': "The driver of the bus didn't let me go on because I didn't have my passport with me, for the trip Brussels to Netherlands. I showed him my EU driver license and he didn't accept it finally, he let me in Brussels in the middle of the night. Also few hours earlier I had traveled with a bus from another company the trip Netherlands to Brussels without any identification.", 'stars': '2'}
{'review': 'The worst travel experience of my life. My trip from Belgium to Stockholm was ruined by a really late bus and terrible customer service. Be ready to have your number blocked and be stranded in a foreign city at 3am. Oh? And you speak only English? No problem! Drivers will make fun of you to the other bus riders and be really rude to you. A trip that should have cost me 100€ ended up costing 250€. Oh and they knew it was bad. Every other Flixbus I took I recieved a email asking me to give them feed back but not this time. That\'s the short summary here\'s the story. I took a bus from Ghent to Cologne on Saturday July 29th 2017 with another planned from Cologne to Hamburg 2.5 hours later. The bus was 3.5 hours late. Upon our late arrival the bus drivers called ahead to ensure I could get to Hamburg. The lady on the phone said it should be no problem and I would receive a text confirming my ride on the next bus. Not only did I not receive a text the woman refused to put me on another bus to Hamburg. She said I would be refunded and then I could buy another ticket however, the bus to Hamburg was full so I\'d have to wait until tomorrow. I had to cancel all my buses and trains and rebook everything costing me an extra 100€. Not to mention I was stranded in a foreign city and was forced to find accommodation at 3am! And when you called back the Flixbus operater did not pick up the phone. The next morning I bought a ticket to Kiel (Mind you I had to get to Stockholm somehow) it stopped at Dortmund. My second bus was 1 hour late from Dortmund to the next cities. The bus driver was not pleasent when he realized I spoke no German. At one of our stops he was making his usual announcements in German and the girl sitting next to me explained everyone was laughing because he said "unless your like this American who has no clue what is go in on because she doesn\'t understand me but pretends she does". I arrive at kiel almost 1.5 hours late. Causing me to almost miss my train. (Which I had to rebook for a substantial sum) My bus from Copenhagen to Stockholm ends up being being 2 hours. Mind you I\'m a student and by this time I had no choice but to sit by a 9 hour bus ride because my missed train to Stockholm was much to expensive to rebook.  All and all I took nearly 12 buses in 1 month And or than half of them were unpleasant or just late. Customer service center is terrible and it\'s just easier to pay more and take a train or fly.', 'stars': '2'}
{'review': 'Unusually bad service and info about the trip. I was going by bus 20.07.2017 at 7.05 am from Copenhagen H to Malmo. 6.20 I received sms about delays up to 46 min. I waited nicely for 7.51, and the bus had not arrived. As the bus was delayed approx. In 1.5 hours I called the hotline and had to wait in la-a-ang time until they took the phone. The employee could not tell where the bus was to her, just on the way to Copenhagen, and why all information about it had disappeared on their website so we could not keep an eye on it. It might not be so important because they do not update their website regarding delays. There has always been +46 min. Finally, the bus finally reached a 2 hour delay. I would like to have been told right from the start so I might go for a walk in Copenhagen and not be so stressed.', 'stars': '2'}
{'review': 'Flixbus is a cheap service. However it is always late. Even though when the bus could be in time the bus driver decides to stop anywhere for a 15 minutes break that causes an additional delay. While understanding that people need to have a break while driving - if you need a break than dont claim that the trip will take x hours. Add your break to the travel time..', 'stars': '2'}
{'review': "Travelled from Naples to Bari.Flixbus delayed our journey by 1h 40min absolutely unexpectedly. Didn't call, didn't apologise, simply sent an email half of day before.Also not very accurate in time, poor WiFi.Good electricity socket, quite comfortable.", 'stars': '2'}
{'review': 'Great to have wifi and sufficient space ! However, the foul odor from the toilet was constant and made the trip somewhat quite unpleasant. Shame !', 'stars': '2'}
{'review': "1) Our bus, had plugs but these were not working. And it wasn't just ours, as we asked other people seating near us as well.2) No wifi on board even though our route was not mentioned as a route with no wi-fi3) Toilet's water was broken and we could not use the toilet. As a result the driver did JUST ONE extra stop before even exiting France and no other stop for using a toilet.It was a really bad journey, which dissapointed us very much, considering the great name and reviews we got from the internet and friends on their experience with Flixbus.", 'stars': '2'}
{'review': 'This company needs to be upfront regarding  luggage cost!  Hidden pricing!! When making reservation there needs to be place to enter to pay additional for luggage more than 24"!!! If we hadn\'t had cash to pay extra $20 driver demanded for oversized luggage (standard travelling size) we would have not been able to go.  24" is only overnight luggage and most have larger than that so it needs to be stated clearly upfront with selection to pay total real cost upfront!!!  With the luggage charge, it makes no sense value wise to take flix bus as train much more comfortable with bathrooms and ability to walk around so trains way better deal!!! Our driver from Leipzig to Munich was rude, yelling at us to get off the bus when stopped for break.  Never again!!!', 'stars': '2'}
{'review': "I traveled from Dusseldorf,Germany to Frankfurt Airport Terminal 2 on 15 May 05:50 AM, Monday . My Booking is #8038314686 Connection X28 Direction Munich central bus station. Actually this is regarding a laptop backpack that I forgot inside bus cabin on that day of travel.I have called Flixbus customer care within the moment I left my bag inside the bus and bus left the station but flixbus customer care suggested me to complain online instead of giving me the bus route and location of the bus or contacting the bus Driver. Bus left the station infront of me when I remembered I forgot my bag inside the bus.I called Flixbus hotline number at the same time and informed them that I forgot my bag in the bus,  They assured me that I just need to raise lost and found form on flixbus.com and I will receive my bag. If they would have been pro-active that day they would have called the driver at the same time and informed him about my bag in the bus cabin. I would have received the bag by now. Unfortunately they didn't inform the bus driver and it resulted in overall frustration for me.Since I was having my flight back to India same day, so I have complained about it on flixbus website and by calling flixbus customer care on 15th May only. It has been more than two week now but I am yet to hear anything from customer care and still waiting for the bag. Customer care reply on facebook page is good but I am still unable to retriev my bag.Overall it was a bad journey that resulted in financial loss and mental frustration.", 'stars': '2'}
{'review': 'Sometimes cheaper than the competition, but the service leaves much to be desired. I traveled 3 times with them and the drivers were all rude. One of them barked literally on the travelers ...', 'stars': '2'}
{'review': 'I would have given Flixbus a higher rating but when I bought the Interflix for 99 euros, I was told that the money had gone through, but then I was taken to a new page where it said that "an error with the order" and that the order was "cancelled and deleted"...yet they still debited my account. So here I sit, 99 euros poorer and no Interfix Pass. I have emailed Flixbus twice as I am desperate to get this resolved. I would really like to receive what I paid for. All my other Flixbus experiences have been great until now. I am afraid that this incident might overshadow the good previous experiences that I have had with Flixbus. I have used an old booking number in order to hopefully receive a reply and to get this problem resolved.Cayla', 'stars': '2'}
{'review': 'Took flixbus on 28 Feb 2017, 22:20 from Basel SBB to Cologne Germany.Too many sokers on bus, filled the bus with passive smoke and smoked whenever , wherever it stopped in front of bus doors and filled bus with smoke. Also, the passengers in groups from Milano forced to move out from seats despite vacant seats.  The bus also faced immigration issues on swiss border due to some passengers validity of documents onboard.', 'stars': '2'}
{'review': 'I forgot my camera bag in the bus while travellin from florence to milan . i filled the lost and founf form but i didnt get any reply so i got woried nad called them just to make sure, But that was not of any help as they would not tell me any update and just ask me to wait. its been a month now and i still havnt gotten any reply and i dont know how to get my bag back. im gonna be going back to India in a few days and i dont know how to get a response back from flix bus.', 'stars': '2'}
{'review': "I used their service a dozen of times by now, and at first really liked it. The buses have all the necessary stuff (sockets, wifi, wc), and drivers sometimes tend to be really chatty. I was more than satisfied by my previous trips and so me and two of friends used Flixbus during our recent trip in Italy. France and Belgium although there were cheaper options available. Bus trips in Italy and France went smoothly, no issues on that. But here i want to talk about the last trip that rather disgruntled me and left a sour taste in my mouth, We booked a bus trip from Antwerp to Amsterdam and it arrived more than two hours later than scheduled and in order toin order to get information on the bus we called Call Center several times, first time it was impossible to connect, second time we had to hold the line for quite a long a time and when the phone operator finally came we had just enough time to say our booking number and then the phone run out of balance. The bus driver offered no explanation on this delay and in actuality had an argument with another passenger who has very much upset on the delay. We then wrote down a message to their customer service but they only sent message(which i assume is Automatic) in German. Too bad, i actually liked the service quite a bit. I won't be prioritising it over other providers any longer.", 'stars': '2'}
{'review': 'My girlfriend and I decided to go for a one-day trip to Malmö from Copenhagen. We found some cheap tickets with Flixbus, but maybe it was a bit too cheap! No service, total of 1,5 hour delay without information, tried to call the hotline, but no answer so hang up after 15 min and when the bus arrived non of the employees spoke Danish, Swedish or English.', 'stars': '2'}
{'review': 'I had travelled many times with flix bus, and i used to be satisfied traveller.But few days ago, on 06 may, we were not allowed to board the bus from dresden to prague. I was travelling with my family including my daughter who is 7 months old. We were asked to bring a baby seat, which i was unable to arrange,then we were asked to contact the customer service, which was always occuppied and difficult to reach through. The bus left without us. We had travelled through flix bus in the morning from prague to dresden,no one asked us for a baby seat! Indeed we travelled to cesky krumlov using flix bus, we were not asked to bring a baby seat. I had noted a family with a small kid, when i pointed out, that if others can travel without a baby seat, why cant we? The answers were vague. If the baby seats are mandatory, it should be provided by the carrier, not the passenger.Subsequently we travelled to prague by a student agency bus, no one there asked us to bring a baby seat. I have written a complaint to flix bus twice, but no response so far! Thanks flix bus for wasting my money, time and poor handling of the situation by your dresden staff.', 'stars': '2'}
{'review': 'I am a musician, traveling around Europe.  I have had a great deal of experience traveling on buses, trains and planes with my gear, and most companies have been willing to work with me to make sure that my guitar, most importantly, is safe.  On quiet services with other carriers, with enough space, I have been allowed to put my guitar, which travels in a soft case, in the overhead compartments, where it fits easily and without difficulty.  On busier services I have been allowed to hold it in my lap.  On Flixbus however, I have found several drivers to be unreasonable and bullying in their approach to asking me to put my guitar in the luggage compartment.  There has been no flexibility or understanding from them; only a dogmatic insistence on the Flixbus rule that guitars must be stowed, combined with a completely unsatisfactory place for my guitar, in with all the other bags.  If Flixbus is going to insist that fragile luggage like this cannot go in the cabin, even when the bus is only half-full, they have to offer a safe alternative to the luggage hold, where a guitar like mine could easily be crushed.', 'stars': '2'}
{'review': "I have used this bus company many times. It's convenient and the price is cheaper than train, and has many routes. All buses from the former MeinFernbus must be avoided as the Internet onboard is always poor (works 1 out of 10 times). Customer service is poor too (Yeah, you got cheap price, and also poor customer service). I would recommend to use it if you want to save money and not in a hurry time - good value for money.", 'stars': '2'}
