{'review': 'I was until now really happy with Flixbus, unfortunately there were or are now 2 incidents that are not ok. We want to drive to Leipzig next week three weeks and have already booked our tickets in about September. At the beginning of this week we received an email from Flixbus that the stop in Leipzig had to be relocated because of the Christmas market. Great! The substitute stop is much further away from our hotel and we have a woman with back problems, which also has a disabled passport. She can not walk with her suitcase now the route to the hotel. Since we have asked by email the request to Flixbus, 1. Why this was not already made known to us at the time of booking, the Christmas market in Leipzig is always in the same place and so the problem should have been known soon enough and 2. As you can see that now with the fees for the cancellation? After all, per ride per person 1 Euro and then you do not get the money but a voucher. We do not even know if we go by bus again. At least with the fee you should meet us. Unfortunately, the email was just a standard answer to how to make a cancellation! We are very disappointedKarloti', 'stars': '3'}
{'review': 'Wi-Fi does not work!', 'stars': '3'}
{'review': 'The rental bus has seen better days, doors and so tight it dragged over 4 hours whistling through the doors, toilets were broken and locked, cleaning the interior, especially in the hand luggage system was a long time ago, micro out of function. the driver saved everything with his style :: TOP driver !!', 'stars': '3'}
{'review': 'I made a trip Montpellier St Malo with FlixBus the way it went well because a comfortable stop between Toulouse and St Malo which is nice to stretch your legs and take a drink because there was none to inside the coach as it was noted. By cons against the return we had a seat because the records did not bend the walk foot ditto no stop to Toulouse and drivers not very kind to customers, especially a woman a real policeman. From Toulouse to Montpellier a super comfortable car while there it was a small course and we were treated to a stop with a catering service and a caring driver a pity that we did not get from St Malo to Toulouse. It may be necessary to check the coaches before departure to see if they are able to satisfy their customers.', 'stars': '3'}
{'review': 'The Wi-Fi was so strong that you had a maximum of 30min to log in and then it was over. Suspect it was partly due to the crowded bus, so that the router is not clear. There was no media library (no need to stream at the present time). Bus driver was perfect! Otherwise you will notice the lack of competition, trips have been reduced, more people have to use FlixBus and that leads to overcrowded buses. I would like to have a little less people on the bus Especially if the passengers kill you with their eyes just because you are looking for a place and you could take it right next to them.', 'stars': '3'}
{'review': ".. I think it's a pity that the bus driver with whom I drove now, neither German nor English could speak. You have seats reserved for known or otherwise. When the bus in Stuttgart 20 minutes late, no one knew where the bus remains or is. It was announced a 20-minute break, but then strangely 35 minutes gieng, although all have long been on the bus. The driver sometimes drove very close to trucks and cars and kept a safe distance, which often led to emergency braking. But now to the positives seiten.Es goods charging stations for mobile phones, tablets and laptops available. The chairs were comfortable and clean! The general cleanliness on the bus was amazing, I found it super! It is very cheap, and for the price you get quite a lot. What I personally still missed was that every passenger can choose a certain seat. That would be good because many have spread to 2 seats and slept. I rate this bus ride as 3 out of 5 stars, but take the Complete Flixbus and the principle behind it with 4 out of 5 stars.", 'stars': '3'}
{'review': 'We were unlucky enough to be late. Also got a wrong information by sms. Otherwise it was quite good but exhausting the drive.', 'stars': '3'}
{'review': 'My boyfriend and I booked in summer return tickets from Flensburg to Prague. This was done through the website without problems and at a formidable price. However, we will be prevented from going to Prague and therefore have to cancel our tickets. If I want to do this via their website, I will only get a flixbus certificate for which we were not interested. I therefore call their customer service and are informed that we will not cancel the trip but just stop meeting the departure and as soon as possible then write them an email that we want your money back (strange that they do not just accept the cancellation from the start, instead of waiting for the departure date) then 5 weeks before we get the money, which is right long time, but this had customer service staff informed us about. We had occasionally booked a trip from Flensburg to Hamburg, which was a nice trip in a very modern bus with wi-fi und alles. The driver, however, was not particularly service minded and there was no supervision of the baggage after we got on the bus so that every person could go and steal the luggage. The trip to Hamburg went smoothly and when we went home again we just ordered the tickets through the Flixbus app, which worked very well. The bus, on the other hand, was a bunch of muggy dirty and some old mildew. once again a not very service minded driver, and once again no supervision of luggage at the Hamburg bus station. We came to Flensburg with a delay due to traffic, and where am I glad we did not have to go anymore. The people who had to go to Århus were left in Flensburg without any help or guidance from the driver. As we proceeded from Flensburg station, these people were left to themselves without really knowing what to do. The trip went well, it was super cheap. But service is not something and I do not want to have luggage of greater value! would we travel with them again? Yes on short trips, but only because of the price', 'stars': '3'}
{'review': 'Unfriendly staff, bus driver has destroyed my headphones and not even apologized. His answer was just "they were in the way". So a joke.But otherwise the ride went smoothly.', 'stars': '3'}
{'review': 'Buses are comfortable. Drivers are not always the friendliest. Mostly late. On some buses the toilets are very disgusting, once there was not even running water.', 'stars': '3'}
{'review': 'Price-performance ratio unbeatable if you do not rely on the fastest connection when traveling. Well equipped, clean interior. Timetable was met (traffic jams and traffic are not calculable) Then a serious bus driver (was not the case for me) and there is No counterpoints. Please drop off at Flixbus, the driver who drove line 123 between Dortmund and Berlin on 13.10.', 'stars': '3'}
{'review': '1 hour late', 'stars': '3'}
{'review': 'Our ride was extended from 13 hours to 18 hours by a flat tire on the route between Berlin and Paris. Of course, such a breakdown can easily happen, but I also hope that Flixbus keeps his vehicles in order, so that inconvenience does not occur more often. Unfortunately the driver did not communicate with us about the breakdown, we just stood at night somewhere in the Pampa and waited. After all, the passengers received a text message about the puncture on their mobile phone, when it should continue, but we did not learn. There was also no compensation for the inconvenience such as water or snacks. After all, I arrived safely at the destination, for that I am grateful, but a little more service would be pleasant.', 'stars': '3'}
{'review': 'I have not been disappointed with the rides and the local service, but I have big problems with the find office. More than 2 months ago I lost my purse on the bus and the bus driver gave it away. The confirmation he sent me on Facebook, because in my wallet was my ID card. After 4 weeks and several calls, I got my confirmation that my purse has arrived. Now another 4 weeks have passed. I have transferred the money and sent my address and even after re-calling and contacting via a form, I am still waiting for a correct answer ..', 'stars': '3'}
{'review': 'Hamburg Bus 350 Friday evening 21:45 no bus. No announcement. No message. No one as a local contact. Finally after 30 minutes another bus arrives. Without internet. Without electricity. , But comes after 40 minutes, the message from Flixbus that another bus comes. That was not particularly communicative!', 'stars': '3'}
{'review': 'As I said only the return trip was not so pleasant.', 'stars': '3'}
{'review': 'Bus ansich morning and well equipped (Wi-Fi, sockets, USB ports) - unfortunately unnecessary delays, therefore late.', 'stars': '3'}
{'review': 'Driving FlixBus is like playing the lottery. You can catch the best bus and have the nicest riders, while still getting punctual from A to B. But you can also pull one of the many rivets, doing at least half an hour delay schedule, no internet / electricity (according to the website supposedly in every bus ..) and really only cry.', 'stars': '3'}
{'review': 'Please improve on time!', 'stars': '3'}
{'review': 'First experience with FlixBus: 1.Unklare stop nos., (I missed the bus and was only able to drive 2 ¾ hours later), 2. no help with loading luggage, 3. delay on departure (3/4 hours - mail message was 20 minutes)) - and arrival time (20 minutes - no indication of the bus driver) 4. Unclear details on departure and arrival board Otherwise: satisfied', 'stars': '3'}
{'review': 'I wanted to visit Berlin before the flight but because we had no responsibility I did not make. Thank you', 'stars': '3'}
{'review': 'Costs! Flixbus is getting more and more expensive. The prices should be brought back to the normal frame, otherwise it will soon be the same overpriced club as the Deutsche Bahn.', 'stars': '3'}
{'review': 'the service is missing', 'stars': '3'}
{'review': 'So far, I have always been satisfied with the cleanliness and punctuality of Flixbus and the friendliness of the bus driver. But that was different on my last trip from Duisburg to Würzburg. Although I had booked for 7:30, the bus arrived without any notice an hour later. You can become drowsy in the stomach. When the bus driver was asked why he was so late, he told us that 8:30 was the usual time for him and he was not late. Quite Dubios I found the mail a few minutes later from Flixbus, which said that the bus driver would apologize for the hour delay ... That does not fit together. I suppose something just went wrong in the planning. After all, 037 was not even listed in the large list of rides. The bus ride went well and without further problems, but after arrival there was a small shock at the issue of the suitcases. Although these had been granted by the system of descent, mine had shifted and could not be found so quickly and without a slight panic. That was a day ... I find strange then also that I did not receive a mail with desire on evaluation of my ride, which are really always coming. Will probably know why.', 'stars': '3'}
{'review': 'Not enough internet', 'stars': '3'}
{'review': 'Why not information about delays?', 'stars': '3'}
{'review': 'Actually very satisfied, only the driver tore the handle off my suitcase.', 'stars': '3'}
{'review': 'gladly again', 'stars': '3'}
{'review': 'Unfortunately this time experienced a disappointing ride: Bus arrived half an hour later and there was no SMS notification about it. Then the bus driver has also taken the highway entrance in the wrong direction, because he had apparently not previously informed that the driveway was blocked in the right direction. It would not have been a detour to choose another driveway in town. So we had a quarter of an hour extra delay and there was no apology from the bus driver. I forgive three stars, because the previous Flixbus rides were average good.', 'stars': '3'}
{'review': 'Delays will not be updated (sms: 5 min delay, Real: 30 min delay) in the internet under the link sent there were no more information on the bus.', 'stars': '3'}
{'review': "Unusual travel problems: The driver was rude and did not allow passengers to take their carry-on luggage on the bus, even though it had the required dimensions. At the check-in, he shouted at passengers and verbally abused them, even though they all behaved correctly. During the journey, the bus driver forced some passengers to sit in the back of the bus because they were supposedly too loud. Said persons had only talk quietly. The coach driver changed to Bayreuth. This was much friendlier and allowed us to get the hand luggage from the Gepäckfahc and take back on the bus. Nevertheless, I'm not used to such bus drivers from Flixbus. I hope my feedback helps.", 'stars': '3'}
{'review': 'Of course there are some or other possibilities for improvement, but for the most part I am satisfied. + More direct connections + unpleasant odors (sweat feet) + no food and drink offers + spare buses for buses fail due to technical DEFECTS (that man still comes to his destination)', 'stars': '3'}
{'review': 'Unfortunately I had to wait almost an hour for the bus, the journey itself was pleasant, arrival time shifted by 2 hours.', 'stars': '3'}
{'review': 'Ideal and convenient to get cheap from A to B. At night and longer distances, however, more comfortable seats should be offered, reading lights to adjust, control ventilation and air conditioning devices, seat belts are checked (!) And cleaning before each restart at the respective ZOB', 'stars': '3'}
{'review': 'Bus came too late.', 'stars': '3'}
{'review': 'There were no snacks and drinks to buy. The bus driver just gave me a suitcase, I had to take a taxi afterwards and get my 2nd suitcase!', 'stars': '3'}
{'review': 'Bus on 24.5. After a telephone call because a flight was connected, a ticket was credited to the customer service for the next day. Since it is not possible for a lady of nearly 80 years to print out this ticket, the customer service offered to let the bus driver know and to enter with the new booking number. This was not the case, bus driver did not ask at the head office and mumbled that he was there It is impossible to make such offers and an elderly lady is there then. In wise foresight, we had fortunately the ticket as PDF sent a friend who then hurried quickly with mobile phone to the bus and thus allowed the boarding. Conclusion: here you really can not rely in any way on the suggestions for customer service ... there you are leave!! However, it should be mentioned positively that the lady from the service was very friendly ..... unfortunately did not use this in the end', 'stars': '3'}
{'review': 'Hard to beat for the price', 'stars': '3'}
{'review': 'As mentioned before: price / performance ratio.', 'stars': '3'}
{'review': "I'm basically super happy, but why does the ice age on some buses break and all of them freeze to death? Is there no heating? And even at outside temperatures of 10 degrees no one needs an air conditioner!", 'stars': '3'}
{'review': 'The ride is super cheap if you book online! The buses are very clean and comfortable. With the intermediate stations you drive longer, but you have the opportunity to get off, to move and to smoke a cigarette;)', 'stars': '3'}
{'review': 'The toilet situation is very important and would have to be solved better', 'stars': '3'}
{'review': 'Except the constant delays everything was great! We had unfortunately on the way and back also late and unfortunately you can not rely on it.', 'stars': '3'}
{'review': 'Puenktlich und professionel, users need to be educated as some antisocial behavior on board. Besides that perfect they need to reinforce compatible behavior on board and enforce basic rules.', 'stars': '3'}
{'review': 'For delays, if necessary, at people waiting at stops ask if someone else has booked for .... Travelers got off and my bus drove on. Unfortunately missed the bus and had to go home by train. But otherwise there is nothing to complain about.', 'stars': '3'}
{'review': 'very hard and strong braked unsafe in the curves Internet sell and then not offer does not work.', 'stars': '3'}
{'review': 'My first ride with the FlixBus was pleasant. The bus arrived very punctually and left at the respective stops on time. However, the friendliness of the driver could be better. Anyway I can recommend my experience with the FlixBus.', 'stars': '3'}
{'review': 'I rode Flixbus for the first time on the weekend - of course directly to Hin and back again the next day, all at a relatively short distance. The booking was super easy and also by paying by PayPal everything could be booked comfortably and at a very pleasant price at home. The departure on Friday was a bit chaotic - unfortunately there were no announcements at the beginning of the journey (and the bus started at my stop). As a freshman, I would like to have some basic information about my bus trip. (Toilets, trash, other instructions such as buckle up, food / drink while driving, etc.) After about 45min drive I had to scare with GoogleMaps and find that the bus went in a completely different direction than the actual target. Other passengers noticed this and a courageous rider asked the driver and his companion. It was not until then that both drivers realized that they were completely wrong (despite Navi) because they seem to have missed the downhill. For me, the whole thing was really very disturbing, because I rely on the drivers knowing the track or Recognize it in a timely manner if they drive wrong and not only after being made aware of by the passengers. There were no announcements - it was turned only without comment, by this "random walk" was a delay of about 30 min.Die return on Saturday was great. The bus arrived a little earlier at my departure point - all passengers were the 15 minutes rather there & the bus could start even earlier. The driver was very nice and informed his guests about current traffic situations and possible delays.', 'stars': '3'}
{'review': 'In itself I do not want to rate Flixbus negatively. I have always had punctual connections and clean buses. After yesterday\'s and today\'s trip, however, I have to tell you about my experiences with the drivers. Everything was fine on my trip to Berlin. The driver and another employee have talked a lot about private things, but that did not bother me. The return trip, however, was not acceptable in my opinion. It started at the Berlin ZOB, where we loaded our suitcases by hand into the bus\'s storage space (I did not know that from a previous trip, I was helped), but so far no problem. When the suitcases were then invited, the annoyed bus driver asked us "how do you know that the suitcases come there ?!". At our irritated inquiry, we got no answer until another employee, who stood next to the driver, asked us where we want to go. The driver then even more annoyed: "Yes ... then come in the back of the suitcase and not here in front!" Thank you for the kind instruction. After about 2 hours drive there was an announcement that we leave the highway to refuel at the depot just before Wolfsburg. "This takes about 10 minutes". In the end it was 30 minutes. The drivers changed, the previously annoyed driver was visibly friendlier and even said goodbye! After 2 hours driving we were told by the "new" driver what to pay attention to during the bus ride, that we can buy drinks etc. Nice to find out , Why not at the beginning of the ride? But the first exemplary impression deceived at the latest when we arrived in Hannover. The "new" driver cursing increasingly loud at the wheel, honked and cursed other road users as "IDIOTS!". Does this really have to be the case? I\'ll gladly use Flixbus again, but the drivers\' behavior, which I experienced today, is not sustainable in the long run.', 'stars': '3'}
{'review': 'I am currently on the way with flixbus from Hamburg through Berlin to Aalen. Everything is good except, pbwphö it is advertised with free Wi-Fi was kicked out after 2 minutes. "You have exceeded your Wi-Fi usage allowance. Please try again later "haha i have only written 5 sentences in whats app, not even pder cideos sent pictures. Others stream here movies for the whole trip and I am told that I should leave other wlan? Impudence. My first and last trip mot flixbus', 'stars': '3'}
{'review': 'A few days ago was my 4th ride on FlixBus. I had very good experiences when I drove from Hamburg to Berlin. Very nice bus driver, pleasantly warm bus and a good trip. However, a few days ago I drove from Hamburg to scharbeutz and back and I have to say that it was not good. The outward journey was still ok, only the heating did not work and I was frozen. The return trip was just bad !! The bus was 40 minutes late, this was also announced by text message but many more minutes on delay on which you could spend at temperatures of -3 degrees. Then the bus finally came and I was received by a totally unfriendly bus driver. He was totally stressed out and mobbed passengers. A passenger in this FlixBus ride got very bad and had to vomit. He would have made it to the bathroom, but it was closed. Could not he know because it was not announced. So he had to vomit on the stairs and the bus driver did not even care. Then he came back and called the passenger and others the same. He asked the passenger € 100 as cleaning costs and when he did not have them he called the police! A bad ride.', 'stars': '3'}
{'review': 'As an opportunity for a spontaneous short trip to a larger city for solo travelers optimal.', 'stars': '3'}
{'review': "I used Flixbus 6 times so far and I had very mixed experiences.It is great that they are connecting many cities on reasonable prices. Overall bus departs from a convenient location on time, if they are late they text you.. trip goes smooth and the drivers are OK.But sometimes the bus is super late (almost an hour) for a short ride you want to take, they don't let you know, they don't give you compensation and the drivers could be rude as well...So with Flixbus there is no guarantee on what kind of experience you will get.", 'stars': '3'}
{'review': 'Otherwise, I always went by postbus! In direct comparison, I have to say that I liked the trips with the Postbus better! I refer this now on the one hand on the reconnaissance before departure, there was displayed on monitors what the bus has everything, where are safety vests, where the first aid kit is, how it works with the Internet, how to behave in an emergency and a few things more!!! I missed that a lot when driving! Otherwise, the ride was fine, toilets were clean and the 10minutes delay are ok too! To mention anything else to the booking, it would be great if you could also offer PayPal in the payment! regards', 'stars': '3'}
{'review': 'Flixbus should not share the motto of the train "detours towards destination are allowed"', 'stars': '3'}
{'review': 'The price-Leistungsvehältnis is unbeatable! The ride is quiet and you can relax.', 'stars': '3'}
{'review': 'There was garbage in the seat and had 1.5 hours late, although it said the delay would be only 50 minutes. 3 stars for good prices and good connection.', 'stars': '3'}
{'review': 'The drive was good, only the air conditioning was broken and it was much too hot in the bus. The driver had tilted the skylights, which unfortunately led to unpleasant drafts. There was no welcome, only one in less good German, incomprehensible mumbled "Munich" on arrival. The bottom line ok. Outstanding but different. Maybe you will adapt this from the post buses. Their service was excellent.', 'stars': '3'}
{'review': 'There are certainly imponderables with the bus when specifying the travel time, but 105 minutes late on Friday are not particularly pleasant.', 'stars': '3'}
{'review': "The ride and the price are good, but totally unreasonable is that the bus from Vienna to Graz at 22 o'clock (so just after the end of the show in the opera!) NOT on Karlsplatz !!! So you have to take a taxi that has to race to the Western Railway Station - totally crazy !!!", 'stars': '3'}
{'review': 'Today drove from Berlin SXF to Zwickau. Very friendly driver (Frank, mid 20, charming announcements :)), bus was clean and comfortable, the ride was pleasant and we were as punctual as possible. Unfortunately, I forgot my new camera SonySR 100 in the bus, which of course annoyed me most directly about myself - but immediately afterwards via Flixbus. Although I contacted the customer service directly, it was not possible to contact the driver, leave a note for the bus cleaning or give any other interpersonal help. I was advised to fill in an online form of the lost property, for which I did not even receive a confirmation email. On the second call, I was the very unfriendly employee, who seemed to be annoyed about the fact that I took the 24-hour hotline time actually true (night at 2) just pushed away (!!). Will probably say goodbye internally from the camera, which I will need some time. Since more inflexible with carpool or more expensive with the Bahn.Falls any fellow traveler the camera in the back left part of a Flixbusses in the network of the front seat, row of windows, should discover .. I would be very happy to contact. The most important is not even the camera, although it was more than expensive for me as a student, but the irreplaceable images on the SD card ..', 'stars': '3'}
{'review': 'The travel time is irrelevant!', 'stars': '3'}
{'review': "Seemed to be the best choice to travel after looking around and the journey itself was comfortable, smooth and inexpenisive. The issue though was not having unlimited Wifi and no where on the site did it mention having limited data so after an hour of internet (for a 7.5 hour journey) I couldn't access anything and as a traveller I had no way of contacting friends to meet at the end of the journey or to finish e-mails/work. Not sure if this was the bus I was on as I can't find any other views on this and surely the company would list if WIFI is limited etc", 'stars': '3'}
{'review': 'The bus on the tour had a total of 20 minutes late. I find that completely acceptable in the traffic, especially because the driver was very competent and polite. The planned bus for the return trip has been completely eliminated, but we were logged into the following bus. This has led to 75 min. Delay and had significant consequences for me in the Folge.Eigentlich, the ride on the bus should be a relief for me, because of the delay, it was unfortunately just the opposite. I had more stress, a lot of trouble and an extremely short night, as well as a lot of running on the following day, which was caused by the delayed arrival at the ZIel. I probably will not go back by bus.', 'stars': '3'}
{'review': 'The drive to Frankfurt was really great. I talked to a friendly rider well, read and barely felt the ride. The bus driver was almost fatherly. And he drove wonderful, calm and balanced. I had scheduled the return late, because I did not know how long I would need for my affairs in Offenbach. Unfortunately, I had only the choice between a bus at about 15.30 h and a bus at 20.00 h, because I had not additionally indicated Nuremberg as the destination. I am out of concern to miss my bus, have been on site early and stood there for about 4 hours. The breakpoint for the bus lines had been moved to the side street, because the bus station in Frankfurt is still being built. So I stood in a street where I did not get off. And some bus drivers had not noticed the change, so the employee of Flixbus repeatedly shouted that you should board the bus of line xxx at the other place. The buses were distributed in this side street about 250 m. But from behind it was impossible to see what a line it was. And when in the evening the nice lady did not work anymore, the people panicked completely and ran with children and luggage constantly back and forth. There was no seating except a narrow rim of window sill on a few windows of the street. And when I realized that my bus had left without me, I was treated extremely rude by a driver of the line 61, which should have taken me to the information of the hotline then. He could not speak German so well and said it was my problem and not his. He also refused to call back with the hotline. I once talked to a 028 bus driver and asked him if I was right with him. Probably the bus was going in the wrong direction, but I\'m not sure because it was the only bus that carried this number in the whole 4 hours. Not only was it bad for me that I could not ride the bus I had booked. I was also ablaafft by the driver of the line 61. And if not a nice young woman had the idea that I could ask the people from the Hello bus, because they would also go to Vienna, I would probably desperate. I then for 15, - EUR still on the bus of the company Hello. But of course we arrived so late in Nuremberg, that from Nuremberg no bus and no train left for Erlangen. Luckily I was picked up by my friend. But it really should not be like that. First, you might be able to offer a link through which you can also display the lines to the neighboring cities. Secondly, in such cities with a lot of bus traffic you should create seating and a better display of bus routes. Of course, a blackboard would be good. But in an emergency, it might also be enough if the respective bus attendant holds up a sign with the number, so you do not have to rush down the whole "platform" to find out if it is the right bus. I was scrounging for other people because they were not so good on foot with their children or heavy luggage. Many were also helpless because they could not read their ticket. Even I took a little while to find the number of the line there. And the number of the hotline was then barely recognizable even with the yellowish light of the street lamp even with reading glasses. I also found it extremely stressful that smoking was uncontrolled. Once I got smoked right from the left and right, so that I almost got my food back up. Of course, I can understand people that they have smoked more out of nervousness. But on the whole it was an intolerable situation. When I started in Erlangen it was sunny and beautiful. There was seating and a clear bus station. The only Flix bus, which rolled up, was then also the right one. The situation was relaxed and friendly. Unfortunately not in the evening and in Frankfurt ...', 'stars': '3'}
{'review': 'it would be nice if the chafeure would speak and a few words zb.das snacks and drinks are available under the seat the sockets are all you had to find yourself out and if there was snack since I am in the back and forth Return did not come on it', 'stars': '3'}
{'review': 'Bus driver and staff on the bus not so friendly. Internet did not work. A little late.', 'stars': '3'}
{'review': '- Good driving style of the bus driver. Felt safe at any time. - Bike ride top and uncomplicated. Attention: currently the bike is in the exhaust stream - better protect things made of rubber (for example, handlebars) - Caution at check-in. Take care of your luggage in the confusion - take care of your own well-being. Except for Schoki u Coke, there was nothing for me. The break was also unfortunately nowhere ... If you really have a problem, call. My email service was catastrophic.', 'stars': '3'}
{'review': 'The positive aspects: friendly driver, punctuality, clean bus were significantly reduced by the fact that the wireless was not available!', 'stars': '3'}
{'review': 'Bicycle could not be attached to the vehicle. Had to be accommodated at the luggage. Gab scratches! Bus driver kept talking on the phone while driving! Otherwise Okay!', 'stars': '3'}
{'review': 'There are good and bad routes for the Flixbus ... so this review refers to a trip from KA to Strasbourg.This is definitely one of the really bad tracks! Because of the bad stop equipment, it is not very good: hardly any shelters and too few seatsAlso the buses to France and back have no functioning WLAN.Flixbus is always like that as if the Internet access was "only temporarily" broken, or as if there were "in between times" network problems, etc ... that There are routes, there it always runs well, but there are certain, always same routes, there is simply no Internet.NIE! If you ask the driver, he says EVERY time: just for once defective I already laugh about it ...;)', 'stars': '3'}
{'review': 'Against traffic jam there is not to do.', 'stars': '3'}
{'review': 'Whether we will ride again after this experience with a Flixbus, is in the stars. At the very beginning of the trip, at least I was pretty pissed at the provisions for biplanes, the unfriendliness of the bus drivers, the non-existence of two contiguous spaces for my fiancee and myself, the fact that it was permanently on my seat, and me have frozen all the time ... However, we are at least good and healing home arrived in Saarbrücken and had no delay.', 'stars': '3'}
{'review': "The bus arrived a few minutes late. Well that's not so bad that can happen. After a short ride on the motorway, the driver then turned on the radio in the bend, easily lost track and nearly hit the guardrail. A short time later apparently his phone rings in the jacket that hangs behind him! He fishes his jacket forwards, fingers his cellphone out of his jacket and, to top it off, he makes a phone call. Of course he could not keep the lane clean. To be honest, I was shocked. The bus was full of people everyone could see it and the driver was on the phone while driving the phone and lurching in as he pulls out the phone! Otherwise, I can not complain about ride comfort or space. Apart from the driving performance, I would otherwise always go by bus", 'stars': '3'}
{'review': "I would always go back with FlixBus, because it is very pleasant - but I'm not so happy with the bike transport. Since I would like better bike carrier and a gentler handling of the wheels - A bicycle trailer would be nice!", 'stars': '3'}
{'review': "I have no reason not to communicate my following (already anonymously sent) rating openly: 1. Luggage: I had to pay 9 euros extra because of 'too much luggage' (Big suitcase, PC carrying bag and backpack.) Is Flixbus soon as far as certain airlines? My wife drove on the same day with a long-distance bus (competition from Flix) from Sibiu Switzerland - there you were not so fussy about luggage! 2 No stop in WinterthurYou will be generous in the Bodensee area - exit possibilities in Friedrichshafen, Meersburg, Konstanz - but I had to let Winterthur (over 100'000 inhabitants!) Pass by, my luggage A stop in Winterthur / Archplatz would have been possible, but only with changes in Munich and at twice the fare (24 instead of 12 CHF, also waiting in Munich) Suggestion: Stop on passenger request in the Rest area Forrenberg near Winterthur-Ohringen - for you practically without loss of time possible (parking parallel to highway, no turning loops, etc., passengers from Winterthur k then Nnten there to be picked up. That would be a very valuable customer service, cartel-like restrictions of the destination country or not. Other long-distance bus companies - even in the specific case mentioned - are more accommodating.3. In all other points I was very satisfied with your ride.", 'stars': '3'}
{'review': 'I think the Flixbus offers good value for money. On my return from Hannover to Zurich, however, all passengers had to leave the bus at 02:20 for 40 minutes, because the driver had lunch break. He then became quite unfriendly and urged the sleeping guests to leave the bus. I find that quite insolent! I chose the direct bus overnight so I can sleep in it and not have to get off or change in the middle of the night. Nowhere is this situation pointed out. On my outward journey a week earlier this was not the case and you could stay on the bus the whole ride.', 'stars': '3'}
{'review': 'As far as so good, except for the little getting used to friendliness I arrived relatively late at the destination. (40min later on a ride through the night)', 'stars': '3'}
{'review': 'I regularly ride the same route on the Flixbus, as it is much cheaper than the train. Unfortunately, the Flixbus is at least 30 minutes every week but usually 1 hour late at the bus stop. At my destination I often arrive 1 1/2 hours late. If the SMS came at least early and not after the scheduled departure of the bus, I could forgive minor delays. However, I spend unnecessary hours at bus stations in Germany and also miss from time to time appointments. The wifi funtioniert usually not unf if then only very bad. As a student, I can not afford to go home regularly. Therefore, I would be very happy if Flixbus could at least make sure that the buses would arrive at the bus stations in time, reasonably well. In itself, a good concept but the implementation still needs to be improved.', 'stars': '3'}
{'review': 'Hello dear Flixbusteam, Im gtoßen and all I am satisfied with your offer. I came super cheap from Malmö via Hamburg to Bremen and was punctual everywhere! :) However, I forgot (my own fault) my suitcase when changing in the trunk of the bus and when I realized it was already gone. I immediately filled in the lost property form and called the customer service. The bus driver just contact and the suitcase with the next to send back to Hamburg is not said was and a confirmation email I never got. This is now 3 days ago and I still have not received any email after numerous calls and found formulas and slowly give up hope. I know it was my own fault but I do not understand why you could not contact the driver, then he could have secured the suitcase. Well, I do not know that he even ends up landing somewhere or is completely gone! Super annoying!', 'stars': '3'}
{'review': "Today I have started my return journey (after a relaxed trip) and unfortunately had to realize that the advertised Wi-Fi was not available. (The access point was not even to be found, it was apparently out (the MediaCenter was running though)). However, I have missed legroom, as well as an unklemmende toilet door. Uncomfortable were the other passengers. Loud music, permanent phone calls, loud laughter, cell phones ringing and the use of e-cigarettes were the rule here for the entire journey. (Which will prevent me in the future from further bus rides, but I digress) The bus was on time, drove sensible, the second driver spoke only very broken German. Should a stress-free ride be sought, so I can not recommend Flixbus unfortunately , (It's not like you could at least have stopped the strawberry steaming)", 'stars': '3'}
{'review': 'Wi-Fi has worked great in the past, but not for a few months at all. The bus is usually punctual, when he was about 2 hours late due to unfortunate circumstances, I was notified by SMS (but only for 1 hour) and there was a rides -Credit.', 'stars': '3'}
{'review': 'Otherwise, always postbus, because the wlan Worlds is better and almost never spack. Even today it was again terrible that the internet worked only the first 5 minutes acceptable ... ride otherwise okay, but the wlan is nunmal times at the postbus half the fare worlds better ..', 'stars': '3'}
{'review': 'All well, but no internet is very important as the other service internet connection, especially with such long rides', 'stars': '3'}
{'review': 'Angangs, I was a big fan of Meinfernbus. Meanwhile, in my opinion, there is hardly a ride where nothing is not working. Be it late, the internet, a weird beeping, missing toilet paper on the toilets or smells ... The prices are still very fair. Nevertheless, the competition for Meinfernbus could be dangerous !!', 'stars': '3'}
{'review': 'I drove from Frankfurt to Berlin, unfortunately, the bus arrived in Frankfurt half an hour later, at the end of the trip, the total delay was 1 hour and 15, but for the return I have chosen a different means of transport. I know that the blame is also the traffic! Also the internet connection was sometimes interrupted', 'stars': '3'}
{'review': "I have been driving Flixbus since January and several times a month. First only the route Berlin => Dresden and back, now also 8 times Berlin => pastures and back. Unfortunately, the service on both routes has decreased more and more. For two months, I have found no working Wi-Fi more. Some riders do up to 4 breaks on a stretch of 5h, some do not. Traffic jams are not the fault of Flixbus but that's why you should use the breaks before or later. What bothers me the most is the unfriendliness of some bus drivers. But there are always funny exceptions that make a ride beautiful. In general I drive Flixbus because of the price. But since I have to commute more often from Berlin to Munich from December, I will take more than train or plane, because I the risk is just too big again to find a bus without Wi-Fi or too few breaks. I prefer to invest 40 € more and get comfortable to the destination.", 'stars': '3'}
{'review': "Hello ... I drove yesterday from Frankfurt to Milan ... we should have arrived at 22 o'clock but were only 24 hours there because of a lot of traffic jams and checks .... I did not think it was good that from Stuttgart to Milan only a break and that was synonymous only on request .... and should not drive 2 bus driver as a long distance ... because he was quite tired and annoyed and just wanted to arrive quickly .... and the subject of toilet also had to be changed a stench and very dirty ..... otherwise the ride was ok", 'stars': '3'}
{'review': 'I use Flixbus regularly as a cheap alternative to the train on the route Cologne - Münster. The prices are considerably cheaper than the train tickets and theoretically the journey takes only half an hour longer than with the regional train. If everything goes according to plan, so a top offer. However, since I am now mostly on Friday afternoon or Sunday night drove, the buses were regularly for a long time in traffic and therefore came much too late. Although the company has of course no influence, but leaves the information about delays to much to be desired: four times I have now waited on Sunday evening for over an hour at the bus stop on the bus, as the promised late Sms in three cases and not once came too late. This service is in need of improvement! Also announcements about delays in the bus would be appropriate, so that one can delay appointments at the destination accordingly. For these reasons, I have now partially switched back to the train. The bottom line is the service is moderate, but the sometimes very large savings crucial for the fact that I still use the offer under certain circumstances.', 'stars': '3'}
{'review': 'In general, everything runs smoothly.Sitzabstand and comfort are very good! The price of the snacks and drinks is also great! Wi-Fi, but miserable! Sockets usually available, very good BUT constantly changing buses, that is constantly driving spare buses. Here is the seat pitch is very narrow, there is no Wi-Fi and no sockets. Partly spoil them a bit, because they are very old. A seat allocation would be helpful so the scramble stops before boarding. At least covered stops could be installed, as well as information boards Showing the departure or the delays. One is sometimes up to 60 minutes in the rain (literally) and receives no information. The company writes: "In order to receive this information, it is necessary that you provide us with the necessary contact details when booking (in particular mobile phone number).". Although these contact details are available, you do not always get the necessary information. Then there are still some incidents that pile up. For example: drive from Frankfurt to Berlin in winter. The bus arrives from Mainz in Frankfurt. Say, the driver has already driven about 45 km by bus. In Frankfurt, after all have boarded, the driver notices that he has no cooling water. The ride will not continue. It is waiting 2.5 hours for a replacement bus. This is again too small, so that another replacement bus must come. In the three hours you\'ve been waiting for, you were allowed to stay in the heated bus, but you should not leave it to buy something to eat or drink, because the replacement bus could come at any time. According to the Passenger Rights Regulation, in such a case assistance is available, which was not offered (can be read in the EU Regulation 181/2011, published on the homepage of the company). Otherwise, I could speak of numerous other incidents. Every time I rate the ride and it actually changes nothing. But as long as I can travel cheaply, I accept it. If the bus trips are more expensive, then I will have to use other transport options.', 'stars': '3'}
{'review': 'I have the feeling that the buses have been constantly broken lately and stressed the bus drivers. On my last trip then the emergency number was not available ... In addition, the travel time is too tight and the buses are rarely punctual. Can you do nothing for it, but calculate differently would be better. So the bus drivers have less stress ...', 'stars': '3'}
{'review': 'Drive frequently, especially Berlin-Dresden and back. The rides are usually okay, but there are more delays. And a delay message never comes. That should and could be significantly improved ...', 'stars': '3'}
{'review': 'Round trip Berlin - WeimarPositive: + Reasonable price both trips! + W-Lan, outlet on the way (unfortunately not on return) Negative: - One way: First 1 hour before departure cancellation by SMS, then on the spot at the central bus station, where we wanted to take an alternative long-distance bus of another company, drove the bus all at once, but no message via SMS to me! Customer service have information that "this message was then probably lost in the system!". This is annoying for me, because I am sitting on the cost of the canceled trip with the other bus line! - Return: 30 min late at pick-up, no notification! - Toilets smelled extremely ammonia, were probably not emptied after the last drive.', 'stars': '3'}
{'review': "Hi everybody, let's summarize: Positive: -The buses are quite modern have free Wi-Fi and are super air conditioned and drive like a ship on calm water there is also a toilet and sockets to recharge! -The bus driver I've met (There were a total of 2) spoke very well German! Although with some accent but you could communicate with you 100% and were very friendly. Therefore, I do not understand the rating andrer here. The buses were so far all clean and here I do not understand the reviews from below. The price / performance ratio is really UNBEATABLE! Neutral: - The first bus that took off from Cologne had massive Delays, although you were notified 3 times by SMS over it but the piece I waited about 1.5 hours in the cold you would have the whole as I think something could better estimate then I would have something to eat at the main station! In case of cancellation 3 Euro per ticket / order will be deducted. Remainder will be charged ONLY as COUPON CODE! THEREFORE IMMEDIATELY read the terms and conditions. Actually, I wanted to rebook at the hotline or ask how you can possibly book something here (had bulky luggage accidentally on the fly only for one person instead of 2 booked). Again, caution is necessary !!! - The worst was the hotline was not even available. After 2 minutes you were always kicked out of the hotline. Even after about 20 try !!! I think as far as customer service is concerned, you can still be more customer-oriented here! Conclusion: The price / performance ratio is good. And the buses very well equipped. There is probably also buyable food and drink at the driver to acquire this I did not claim. What I personally was very happy was that due buses run really quiet like a ship on still waters and that it was nice and warm in there. Caution is advised when booking! The who e.g. As I booked bulky luggage only for one person gets to cancel only cancellation fees and coupon codes for the next trip! Therefore, make sure to book time and double check if everything is booked correctly then you have a nice ride at a good price :-)", 'stars': '3'}
{'review': 'Hi, I wanted to comment on how a bus driver behaved towards the passengers! I have often raced with FlixBus, with mostly positive experiences, but I was very shocked by a situation where the bus driver was out of tune on 04.02 Has. I drove from Osnabrück with the 17:45 clock bus to Hamburg and had to notice how the bus driver his bad sense not only on me, but also on the other passengers, left out. It also gave many a few inappropriate remarks about the customers, so I would look forward to an examination of this situation at the Osnabrück bus station. Overall, I am satisfied with the rides and the associated price performance ratio, even if I had a few trips with a significant delay.', 'stars': '3'}
{'review': 'Acceptable - unfortunately not always on time', 'stars': '3'}
{'review': 'The internet that is offered can be found in the ton of cliffs, it would be better if they did not offer one, because then you try it again and again and then it excites that it works only sporadically.', 'stars': '3'}
{'review': 'I mainly use FlixBus and most of the interaction works well. A few points are in need of improvement: The voucher amounts (even after cancellation) can only be charged on a piece, balance due expire. The late SMS are partly very short-term and inaccurate. A bus has already left me before. Most buses have mains and GPS on board. Why not show the buses live in the FlixBusApp, maybe in cooperation with a service like Glympse? Then you can calculate about yourself when you have to delay to the bus station. When booking, there should be the option for transfer routes if there is no direct connection between two cities. Suburban routes are e.g. Augsburg-Munich can be booked online at MeinFernbus, but unfortunately not at FlixBus. Otherwise, I am quite satisfied with the service and the price-performance. Worlds better than the train!', 'stars': '3'}
{'review': 'I use Flixbus very often as it is a good alternative to DB. The information regarding delays would have to be more timely! Wi-Fi is quite weak and unstable. Good seating comfort! Seat reservation without extra charge would be recommended!', 'stars': '3'}
{'review': 'I travel relatively often with Flixbus to visit friends and family. However, lately I am not so happy with the departure and arrival times, because the bus is always delayed up to one hour. The drivers are sometimes nice, sometimes unfriendly, where the positive experiences prevail there. Nevertheless, Flixbus can certainly improve this !!!!!', 'stars': '3'}
{'review': "Flixbus is very cheap. The booking and the rides are usually problem-free and pleasant. That's why I often and gladly book with Flixbus. But alas, you have a problem with the cancellation - then the course suddenly can not be reconstructed and only after several inquiries, the voucher is created, which is due. The communication was rather unfriendly. Flixbus, you can do that better!", 'stars': '3'}
{'review': 'You can be lucky or unlucky with flixbus: Lately, I have always had spare buses without Wi-Fi and sockets or rude drivers who have put their sat nav on full volume and not even welcome the passengers briefly. But if there is an equipped bus, the ride is really pleasant.', 'stars': '3'}
{'review': 'Mostly, the trip with Flixbus worked, which is very pleasing, prices range from very cheap to really expensive (holiday season). Often there is a long wait on uncoordinated ZOB in the packet, with no good information about the whereabouts of the bus. On a meaningful designation of buses such as "the twelve from Berlin" is still waived. Therefore you still have to search and ask your bus.', 'stars': '3'}
{'review': 'The comfort is okay as with all long-distance buses, but the punctuality sometimes leaves something to be desired, had to wait partially 45 minutes. What I liked so far was the discount, if was booked early, but it is also getting smaller, so I use now again increasingly MeinFernbus.deLG', 'stars': '3'}
{'review': 'Flixbus is a cheap alternative, the WLan does not always work, problems with rebooking / canceling', 'stars': '3'}
{'review': 'The ride itself is fine. Mostly there are delays up to 30 minutes due to driver changes and smoking break on the way to motorway rest stops - that is very annoying!', 'stars': '3'}
{'review': '-The extreme price fluctuations lately are not justified, especially if a bus ride from Frankfurt to Kassel at 23 € costs only because the GDL is on strike and Flixbus exploits that. -To often the bus comes on various routes too late. Basically, but you can say that the ride itself is pleasant.', 'stars': '3'}
{'review': 'Unfortunately, the bus was very late twice! Otherwise it was a pleasant ride. Cheap one comes from A to B. Better than the train!', 'stars': '3'}
{'review': 'I like it very much, but as far as the bus drivers are concerned, sometimes there are people at the wheel who feel that they can not drive. The prices were very cheap in the beginning, meanwhile something increased, which I see as a disadvantage. Because then the ride is cheaper.', 'stars': '3'}
{'review': 'The Flixbus is from Munich to Freiburg is unfortunately outdated so we often go with a provider with newer buses. The price during the week is OK, on \u200b\u200bthe weekend unfortunately too expensive. Good would be if still a stop between Lindau and Munich would be.', 'stars': '3'}
{'review': 'There are many lines that come late. I wonder (as you already know exactly) in which routes there is always traffic jam, the time does not move back by this time (usually one hour).', 'stars': '3'}
{'review': 'Book uncomplicated ticket. Delay: all right. unfriendly staff, threatening not to take all and smelly toilet without paper is not', 'stars': '3'}
{'review': "In principle, FlixBus is a good thing. Unfortunately, you can not book long enough to compare between the cheap prices of the train and FlixBus. I would like to book in advance as long as possible in order to find the cheapest price. Currently only 6 weeks in advance. That's ridiculous and that's why I preferred to buy a discount ticket at the train .... before that gets more expensive.", 'stars': '3'}
{'review': 'I often drive with Flixbus the route Frankfurt-Dusseldorf-Frankfurt and lately there has been more delays of at least 1 hour. For delays in itself Flixbus nothing, but leave corresponding information much to be desired. Neither from the buses on the ground, nor from the bus drivers. Otherwise you can say nothing for the price :)', 'stars': '3'}
{'review': 'I travel with FlixBus quite often - mainly because of the cheap tickets (cheap not only in comparison to the train, but also to other long-distance bus lines). That there are now and then congestion and you do not always arrive on time, you just have to accept. I would like to wish FlixBus a few more routes to Tyrol and South Tyrol (for example to Innsbruck or Bolzano), as the other long-distance bus companies have been offering for some time.', 'stars': '3'}
{'review': 'Unfortunately, it always comes back to long delays and you wait instead of 20-25 min as reported by SMS 1 hour at the boarding point on the Flixbus ...', 'stars': '3'}
{'review': 'The bus drivers are always friendly, the bus clean and well maintained, for tall people it is a bit tight but that would be in a normal bus too. For the price you pay it is really good compared to the Deutsche Bahn, but in comparison to other bus companies FlixBus is not the most punctual. Since I am not always the most punctual I am not bothered by that extremely. All in all, good :)', 'stars': '3'}
{'review': 'We drove on 3.10.14 from Munich to Heidelberg with Flixbus - scheduled departure 10:15. The bus arrived at about 10:10 clock, then the passengers were allowed to invite their luggage. Before boarding, the tickets were checked, causing the departure to be delayed at about 10:30 clock. Unfortunately, more tickets were sold than seats on the bus, so about 20 guests could not ride. So they were allowed to unload their luggage again. There was no information about whether another bus is coming and if so, when. The bus driver had zero customer orientation, no information, no announcements. He answered questions with "I do not know"! At the departure from the central bus station it was not clear from where the bus goes to Heidelberg. It was only for food, but not Heidelberg. On the ticket was also not that it is the bus to Essen.Laut information from other passengers in the bus happens such overbooking at FlixBus often. Where one can then turn, no one says! Although there is a service number on the ticket, but I suspect that on the holiday and on the WE there is none to erreichen.Die ride was quiet and pleasant. In the bus a ventilation was broken, could not turn, so it pulled there (unpleasant). During the drive the toilet paper in the toilet ran out - already in the first Etape (to Stuttgart). When I spoke to the driver (in the break), he just said "problem?", Grinned stupidly and did nothing: service and customer orientation utterly bad! During the journey, there are valid tickets at each stopover station wg. Overbooking stopped (could not ride), there was no information. The drivers themselves (hardly speak German) have not called in the central office to clarify whether another bus is coming. On the return journey (Heidelberg - Munich) on 4.10.14 the bus arrived punctually, it was only half full. However, everywhere in the hallway and on the seats were garbage from previous guests (Essen - Dortmund). At the stopover, the bus crew does not go through the bus and collects the garbage, he stayed until the end lie. Conclusion: if someone wants to go with the clean bus, then I would choose another provider, at FlixBus can happen to you that he buys a ticket, but does not come along and is left without information at the bus station. We will not drive with this company anymore.', 'stars': '3'}
{'review': 'The price of the ticket is unbeatable. The buses are mostly new and clean, the place is comfortable. Unfortunately, the buses are rarely punctual. Many drivers have no local knowledge and often drive large detours or explain the passengers nothing about it. Travel that should take 2 hours 50 minutes, then take up to 2 hours longer. You have to bring a lot of time.', 'stars': '3'}
{'review': "With high capital investment and lobbying, the company establishes long-distance buses in Germany. If you do not want to pay much more directly at the bus driver, you have to pay for your ticket via the internet and thus you will be completely supervised. Of course, Wi-Fi must be on during the journey, so that the Internet-addicted young people are not on withdrawal. Nobody can think of the fact that you could talk to your neighbor during such a journey. WLAN, like all other pulsed electromagnetic waves, is mutagenic and disturbs brain function. You can sleep worse with it. That's so. But that must be so today. It is a very bad policy decision to allow private long-distance bus services. It would be smarter to lower rail prices. Because on the vast majority of long-distance bus lines already drive anyway, which consume much less energy than buses. Now, if the passengers on long-distance buses dodge, the train is even more expensive, because the running costs are distributed to fewer people. The long-distance buses mean a privatization of public transport. Flixbus benefits from German highways. Once a monopoly position is reached, you can then skim vigorously.", 'stars': '3'}
{'review': 'So far, it was not obvious to me from the price / performance ratio, what would expect me. I took a ride in buses, where there was enough legroom and the toilet was kept in order. Likewise, there were hair-raising bus rides where I had to put my legs across to find space and the screaming toddlers next to me robbed me of the last nerve. Since the buses sometimes still have a different level of comfort, it would be nice to get besides departure and arrival times as well as price even more information on the equipment of the respective bus.', 'stars': '3'}
{'review': 'Cheap, but unfortunately often very late, unfortunately, I have to make this experience regularly, for example, on the route from Frankfurt Hauptbahnhof to Mannheim ZOB and back', 'stars': '3'}
{'review': 'Flixbus offers trips at unbeatable prices. Unfortunately, the buses arrive but often arrive late. While this is a normal road traffic hazard, you could still send information about delays faster and more reliably.', 'stars': '3'}
{'review': 'The prices are good. The drivers are nice. The buses are mostly in very good condition and with good facilities, but I also often had replacement buses, the worse standard. The many delays are unfortunately very annoying! Once the bus did not show up. Luckily, at least I got a text message that shared this with me. The replacement trip by regional train was refunded to me, but this also takes some time.', 'stars': '3'}
{'review': 'Naturally, you can not do anything about delays, but you can be more reliable in informing your customers. In addition, I have already experienced that a delay came about only when the driver has not found the stop or has lost his way, because the navigation system was set incorrectly.', 'stars': '3'}
{'review': 'Unfortunately, the bus is often too late (and you do not always get a notification) and some drivers so far could barely speak German. Otherwise everything works quite uncomplicated and for the low price it is fine.', 'stars': '3'}
{'review': 'Improvement of punctuality, good buses', 'stars': '3'}
{'review': "I think it's great that there is a cheaper alternative to the DB. Unfortunately, in recent times I have often experienced delays that were not communicated.", 'stars': '3'}
{'review': 'The bus is clean and comfortable, the bus driver always friendly, but the bus does not always leave on time.', 'stars': '3'}
{'review': "I've been driving at least 16 times with the Flixbus. A maximum of a quarter of the trips started on time. Only twice the wifi has worked the whole trip and just as often I had electricity at my seat. I would not put so much emphasis on it, if Flixbus would not advertise so offensively. Unfortunately the expectations are not met. However, due to the unbeatable price, I am ready to cut corners!", 'stars': '3'}
{'review': 'Both the quality of the drivers - experienced / inexperienced, friendly / unfriendly, helpful / repellent, reliable / unreliable - and the buses - clean / dirty, fully functional / broken sockets broken toilets or toilet doors and non-functioning air conditioning - vary enormously in their quality , I would hope that in the future better controls of the buses take place, as well as the training of bus drivers is made more intensive. In one of my last driving, the 1st bus driver was very unreliable and managed to make up a delay of 40 minutes on a distance of 10 minutes within Dusseldorf, he had not refueled and also filled up nothing on the bus, so you did not have to Location was on the unfortunately 7.5 h drive (which had come through both the delay of the 1st driver as well as by the unpredictable blocking the A3) something to drink or snatch to get. The second bus driver was then very friendly, but extremely inexperienced and was heavily dependent on the help of the people in the bus without which we would probably have been traveling longer. All in all, I have the feeling that the quality has stagnated somewhat stagnant since it Flixbus gives. In the beginning I was still very enthusiastic, but I experience more frequent trips with broken buses and unmotivated drivers. I hope that this is only a temporary state and it will be uphill again in the future.', 'stars': '3'}
{'review': 'Bus comfort and punctuality in order, but considerable problems when sifting and rebooking - nothing works - emails are not answered - the telephone service is not available - vouchers are charged incorrectly', 'stars': '3'}
{'review': "The ride as such was very pleasant, the bus driver very friendly, everything was clean and toilets could be used. It would be nice if more attention would be paid that no large backpacks are allowed to be taken on the bus, as the owners are blocking their free space next to them and are unnerved when ma n has to sit down and then it is for everyone cramped when the backpack is trapped at the front. Really annoying is that once again the wifi did not work, that is with my many trips predominantly the case, to advertise is actually unfair. I switched as far as possible to Postbus, even if there is a detour via Malchow, because there is always the wifi works perfectly and there is a luggage check, because it is certain that no suitcase is gone and he is still stowed away by the staff. I'm not so fond of buying snacks while driving, which does not help safety, especially when chatterboxes come forward and then have the money too. The sale should be completed before departure. Better technology for Wlan in the present time makes sense .... you lose customers otherwise.", 'stars': '3'}
{'review': 'First the positive: punctual departure, punctual arrival, nice drivers, clean Busse.Jetzt the negative, the pricing when traveling to Austria: If you drive from Munich to Austria, you have to change in Salzburg in the Westbahn (cooperation with Flixbus). Be sure to book two separate tickets, then save up to 10.50 euros. Example: Munich-Salzburg booked with Flixbus on the Internet 9,00 Euro. Salzburg-Attnang / Puchheim with the Westbahn 7.50 Euro, makes together 16.50 Euro, a favorable price. But if you book the ticket at Flixbus, you have to pay at least 27,00 Euro, which means 10,50 Euro more and still transfer to the Westbahn in Salzburg. The Westbahn is not responsible for this pricing, it will charge you in any case each time only € 7.50. Response to written request came only after 2 weeks, but no justification for these charges. Written advertising message from Flixbus in the email that this trip is offered for 15 euros: but there is no way on the website and no date on which the trip can be booked. Conclusion: technology and organization of driving okay, pricing and customer service a big MINUS.', 'stars': '3'}
{'review': 'We were on a night trip from Paris to Zurich. The bus arrived on time and departed only 10 minutes late. There were no toilets available on the bus that we could find with only one stop made around 2:30am for a bathroom brake, we left Paris at 11:15 and arrived in Zurich at about 9. It was a very long time for only one bathroom brake. This was a problem as they pumped the bus full of warm air which caused us to drink lots of water and hence needed to bathroom. We were not able to connect to any wifi throughout the trip which was a problem as we could not sleep.', 'stars': '3'}
{'review': 'Flixbus is affordable and easy to use, and as such I use it as a comparison tool with the trains throughout Germany. I have used this service five or so times in the last 4 years, and usually have a fine experience. Sometimes the buses are late, but they have gotten better at giving us warnings via email or text message. The seats are fairly comfortable, the cities they drive to are convenient, and they have Wi-Fi on the bus (though to watch movies I would recommend downloading them beforehand). However, I have found the toilets to not be so clean, but are still usable. Overall, I would recommend using Flixbus. I have used it for day and overnight rides, and found both to be fine. I actually slept on the bus as I had 2 seats to myself!', 'stars': '3'}
{'review': "I Have taken Flixbus on numerous occasions now and find them typically to be quite mediocre. The Internet is spotty and sometimes doesn't work at all. One bus the electrical outlets to recharge devices did not work. The drivers are usually only as helpful as necessary and unfriendly. Furthermore, they do not always speak any language other than their native tongue making it extremely challenging to understand information. And people are always jockeying and fighting for position since you do not have reserved seats. All these complaints are somewhat unimportant compared to what we went through this morning. We were stopped at a passport checkpoint and the drivers took off after without giving us passports back immediately only to realize they had the wrong passports from another bus. We then had to turn around yo retrieve our correct passports which put us off route 3 hours causing missed connections and much anxiety. As a traveler, being in a foreign country without your passport due to the drivers, who were entrusted to assure you received the passport back, leaving without them is a nightmare.", 'stars': '3'}
{'review': "For the most part I liked travelling on Flixbus in the Netherlands. When travelling to and from Groningen it was much cheaper than the train and just as quick or even faster due to a more direct route. On the bus ride up from Amsterdam there was good Wifi and the bus went direct to Groningen. It was on time and not crowded.When I took the 16:05 bus south to Enschede on Oct. 15th, 2017, there was no wifi and the driver got lost twice. In Hengelo, he clearly did not know where the station was as he turned the bus around at one point, driving over a median, as there was no appropriate spot to turn, and then backtracking a ways. Then near the Universite de Twente, he clearly didn't know where he had to stop and so again he had to turn the bus around, this time on some grass. Then he entered the road against a Do not Enter sign, having to do an awkward multi-point turn across 3 lanes. I was happy to finally make it to the Enschede central station, and get off the bus. I'm not sure I'll use Flixbus again.", 'stars': '3'}
{'review': "My first trip with Flixbus / Abildskou between Aarhus and Berlin is actually quite good! Great drivers and above all responsible driving all the way! On the other hand, I'm not impressed with Wi-Fi on the bus! When Flixbus was called Abildskou there was no problem - and there was also coffee for work! It's not there today! I could barely get / read emails, surf the web or listen to music! As I mentioned above, Flixbus has insisted on a cheaper and worse network reception for financial reasons, I think it is a tough attitude towards the subcontractor Abildskou, who makes their buses available. Nevertheless, I would recommend everyone to use Flixbus - but only on the departures that Abildskou runs (Aarhus at 8 or Berlin at 9 o'clock). Here you get class service, good buses and just a pleasant trip! PS! Notice when you arrive at the Autobahn 24 between Hamburg and Berlin, how nice the Danish Flixbus is driving in. The German Flixbuses, which often travel too fast on the highway. Four Flixbuses exceeded us!", 'stars': '3'}
{'review': "Although the internet service was unreliable and frustrating to use, the customer service by the driver was excellent and the coach fairly comfortable (lots of leg room, but not great storage for hand luggage). The bathroom also smelled bad including where I was sitting nearby. If I had paid a lot for the trip I would have been disappointed, but for the cheap cost of the ticket I wasn't expecting too much luxury. I would still recommend the service and will be using it again myself.", 'stars': '3'}
{'review': 'Please see my individual remarks about the lack of driver announcements, the lack of space for carry on luggage, and the manner in which stowed luggage was organized.  The driver provided no assistance with unloading and unloading of stowed luggage.I was annoyed with passengers who used their cell phones on the bus.  I am accustomed in other countries to being told not to use cell phones on board because it disturbs other passengers.  The woman in front of me used her cell phone for long conversations which made if difficult for me to concentrate of reading.', 'stars': '3'}
{'review': "The coach was late on arrival and departure, considering we were told to be there 15 prior! The driver stopped to refuel which delayed s further 15 mins! No announcement or apology. It's unacceptable to refuel during a journey!", 'stars': '3'}
{'review': "It's a cheap travel, but is not so comfort. The internet never work in the travel, and I had arrived with 1 hour of delay.", 'stars': '3'}
{'review': "A bus tour across the country, from Copenhagen to Aalborg. Without soap or other for cleaning after toilet visits. Furthermore, there is only a single towel that the entire bus can use after a toilet visit. It's really disgusting, unhygienic and contagious and, in my best belief, a really bad place to save.", 'stars': '3'}
{'review': 'Better punctuality expected.', 'stars': '3'}
{'review': 'My trip returning to Rotterdam:Was it bring a friend to work day? The driver had another person in front with him and they were talking the entire time. I was a little uncomfortable because i like my driver to be concentrating when he is driving a bus full of passengers. Also there were kids at the front of the bus not strapped in and they were all over the place. Driver did not say one thing to them. And parents looked on. Driver was not friendly and did not offer a hand to help put the suitcases in the bus. He just opened the cabin door and everyone had to help themselves.', 'stars': '3'}
{'review': 'Pluses: Hygiene and drivers.Minuses: No Internet, Toilet.', 'stars': '3'}
{'review': 'Great service. No chargers.', 'stars': '3'}
{'review': "9 out of 10 times my trip from Rome to Perugia  and vice versa ran smoothly: the bus departs and arrives on time, excellent wifi on board, seat quality. However, my last trip was a nightmare when the bus arrived 15' late at Tiburtina station and departed 10' later. The driver then drove an unusual countryside road. As a result, almost 1.5h hour late respect of the schedule! Hope this is just an exception. I still prefer Flixbus to other terrible Italian companies.", 'stars': '3'}
{'review': 'Cheap, but be repaired with delay and be in time at bus stop to find your bus in time.', 'stars': '3'}
{'review': 'Excellent staff, bus and journey. Arrangements at the bus-stop were not as indicated on the e-ticket (instructions were to check in 15 min prior to departure) — in fact there was nobody at the bus-stop to check in with!', 'stars': '3'}
{'review': 'There was no option on the bus to get any beverages and the like and no time to buy anything on the road neither as bus never stopped longer than 10 minutes on the road. Also there should be an option to reserve a seat.', 'stars': '3'}
{'review': 'We reached our destination on time, that was really important.The rude drivers were really annoying during the trip.', 'stars': '3'}
{'review': 'Paris to Toulouse tripIt would be better if all the bus display the destination. A few buses do not have the display making the passengers confused with which bus should they embark. It will also be better if there is a particular stop or sign showing the bus will stop at which lane. All the passengers are going back and forth the Parking to find their bus.', 'stars': '3'}
{'review': "I was travelling from Dresden to Leipzig to Frankfurt on June 2nd 01.00 A.M with the direction towards Saarbrucken. The details are as mentioned below.Line N67, destination Schiphol Airport 01.06.17, 20:45 Dresden Hbf (Bayrische Straße) → Leipzig Hbf (Goethestraße) Line N13, destination Saarbrücken 02.06.17, 01:00 Leipzig Hbf (Goethestraße) → Frankfurt (gara centrală).I have lost my black baggage with brand Paklite written on it. By mistake I took another person's baggage which was also of the same brand and model. There is a tag (easyjet flight tag) on the baggage which is mentioned with the name as Jang/Yuna. Please if someone has lost their black baggage please mention to Flixbus with this details and ask them to contact me as soon as possible. It was a mistake from my side and please find out whether there is a bag of the same model so that I can get my bag as soon as possible. I have already lodged a complaint with Flixbus by sending them a Lost and Found form.", 'stars': '3'}
{'review': "I had a journey from Hamburg to Rust. Bus came at Hamburg port before time. During boarding, I did not get any token for my luggages. I asked the driver how can I be assured that my luggage will not be picked by someone else. Driver told me you can check at each station by coming down of the bus. And I don't think they have any insurance policy for luggage.The wifi was good for nothing. You can't open a single page on browser. Bus arrived at destination 30 mins late.During our return journey, bus reached to the destination one hour late.Their check in process was good and their smartphone app is very helpful. Seats were comfortable and clean.", 'stars': '3'}
{'review': 'Cost effective, punctualImprovement area: WiFi speed', 'stars': '3'}
{'review': "bus was supposed to depart at 8am but bus driver did not show up till 9:20am. no answer at help line nor notice on the website. driver didn't give explanation for being late 1.5 hour. overall the drive was smooth. the only complaint o would have is about the departure time and lack of communication to customer. it'll be terrible if someone has a flight to catch", 'stars': '3'}
{'review': 'THE TOILET HAS NO PAPER AND THE WATER WITH THE WATER WAS NOT INCLUDED', 'stars': '3'}
{'review': '20 min later arrival and not very clean. But cheep and very convenient bus-stop location.', 'stars': '3'}
{'review': 'Driver should know english and seat numbers should properly be allocatedThanks', 'stars': '3'}
{'review': 'Everything was fine, not to say perfect. FlixBus Removed all my prejudice and I will definitely use FlixBus again.BUTWhile the bus passed the state of Thuringia police diverted the bus from the Highway to a "remote" hall. They made a short announcement that all passengers had to hand out a piece of identification (ID, passport or drivers license) take everything - EVERYTHING -  with them and leave the bus. There we stood in the hall and a bunch of police selected particular passengers to be searched, while the others were guarded by other police. They searched the bus with  police dog.and they only picked out young men with possible foreign background. The search was conducted unprofessional, it\'s as if police had no time to prepare the search. The narrative was that police searched for dangerous items.They found nothing. One passenger was searched twice, most not at all. They searched six or seven passengers of a total of some 35, while the others were left alone. I\'m a non smoker, but I took a piece of missconduct against smokers to complain and they finally allowed the smokers to have a cigarette and they explained the legal foundation for that search to me as I had persistently asked, but to nobody else.  And this was the actual missconduct. They said, they would search, but they didn\'t explain their legality.We arrived in Berlin two hours late. Public transportation was out of service at that time. Only a night bus was coming now and then but we had t ask at a nearby hotel where the receptionist directed us to the bus stop.I would have appreciated, if FlixBus had provided us some information after that delay. With these two thing together I got to bed at 05:00 AM instead of 02:00 AM. This may not be an issue for a young person, but I\'m no longer young.', 'stars': '3'}
{'review': 'Good company, must get build better installations at connection point, Paris Porte Maillot.Thx, Hector Zablach.', 'stars': '3'}
{'review': 'Plug sockets not working, unhelpful/rude driver otherwise a more comfortable ride than eurolines for leg room and seats', 'stars': '3'}
{'review': 'WiFi and punctuality are important!', 'stars': '3'}
{'review': 'no internet in a bus.', 'stars': '3'}
{'review': 'Comfort - enough leg room, comfortable chairToilet - try not to use it, you have to "flush" with a plastic gallon of waterService(driver) - efficient, pleasant Charging of electrical appliances - only available after 2 hours into journeyWifi - non-existent Rebooking - i was issued a voucher when I wanted to change my timing (You have to cancel the 1st booking, and use the voucher to book the new timing). No place for me to enter the voucher, and I was charged full price for my rebooking. Voucher is valid for 1 year, but totally useless here. €19 wasted.Only complaint - the bus journey was very warm and stuffy. The driver was very nice and turned on the air-conditioning after my request, but it was barely noticebable. I couldn\'t wait for the whole journey to end as i was too flustered. For this reason, I may not consider taking another trip unless really desperate.  (This is my 3rd trip Travelling between Paris and London by bus. First 2 were with Megabus.)', 'stars': '3'}
{'review': 'The bus was late when we departed, so we arrived later at the destination. There was no wifi in either of the buses (departure or return). It was quite hard to find the bus station.', 'stars': '3'}
{'review': "Very good except the internet wasn't available during my trip", 'stars': '3'}
{'review': "No power sockets (ESSENTIAL when you bring a computer and phone during long trips), no access to youtube.com while using the bus' wifi.", 'stars': '3'}
{'review': 'Generally good company and good driver.', 'stars': '3'}
{'review': "40 Minutes late and the wifi is a lie. [ There's no cake either ]", 'stars': '3'}
{'review': 'Good price and comfortable bus, but bad driver.', 'stars': '3'}
{'review': 'toilets were really smelly throughout the bus and had no toilet paper. Door slammed all the time.', 'stars': '3'}
{'review': 'I took a Flixbus connecting bus transfer and should change from one bus to another at 1 am. As the first bus was 2 hours late, I was pretty sure I had missed the connecting bus scheduled 1 hour before our arrival. The bus driver was not able to help me at all in this awkward situation! Finally, I found it out by coincidence that my second bus was also 1 hour late and caught it fortunately. This should definitely be better organized by the service provider!', 'stars': '3'}
{'review': 'Bus in good condition & comfortable. Driver started on time & very safe driving.Internet was not working. Free seating arrangement on boarding without any pre-allocation of seats was not good.', 'stars': '3'}
{'review': 'Pleasant journey, but broken toilet and bad smells make it unbearable at some point.', 'stars': '3'}
{'review': 'Busses are clean and quite confortable, and drivers are good. They know what they are doing. But I took 4 different trips with Flixbus, none of which had wi-fi. The last one did not even had energy available to charge my phone.', 'stars': '3'}
{'review': 'This company offers perfect low-cost transfer within a comfortable bus. My minus point is for no-working wifi, there was no possibility to connect the wifi and it was not only me, people around had the same problem. The other thing is that our bus was delayed on our return-way for almost 30 min! The company requires a phone number but they have no idea how to use it! No text message notification about delay. I tried to call their support also no respond only 10 min waiting for a line transfer.', 'stars': '3'}
{'review': "As I have mentioned before, the bus from Amsterdam Sloterdijk to Brussels Nord was delayed 30 mins. I was waiting at the stop in Sloterdijk and asking drivers if this was my delayed bus to Brussels. When the bus finally come it did not have any marking or indication it is going to Brussels. I've asked the driver, who finished its shift, if this is bus to Brussels. I was told, it isn't and the actual one will come in 10 mins. Then it turned out it was the right bus. Since I was given incorrect information, I missed the delayed bus. Although via the Customer Service, I have managed to reschedule my booking for an hour later without any additional costs. As an suggestion, for delayed buses person, who handles the departures, should shout out loud the destination of that delayed bus. The journey itself was pleasant and fast, though internet connection was very poor. I will continue to use Flixbus services, despite this unfortunate case.", 'stars': '3'}
{'review': "I recently booked a return trip from Vienna to Berlin with Flixbus. At €22 each way the price was magnificent. Arriving in the morning in Vienna my bus to Berlin left just after scheduled and we were on our way. After about the 1st hour of the trip the WiFi stopped working and did not work for the remainder of the journey.The bus ended up arriving in Berlin around an hour later than scheduled. Now I am waiting in Berlin for my return bus. I got here early as advised and so far (45 minutes after scheduled departure) the bus hasn't shown up. Looking on their website it says that the bus is on time... I hope it eventually turns up.TL;DRThese guys provide a cheap comfortable service but if punctuality and reliability are important to you then maybe look elsewhere.", 'stars': '3'}
{'review': 'Late by an hour', 'stars': '3'}
{'review': "Generally good trip. Could have clearer instructions up front when checking in / marked but to some degree self-explanatory. Generally clean and comfortable. It was raining and there where a few leaks on the roof that dripped on the seats. Which was the biggest point of issue without which I would have given 4 stars. It was cheap $24.50 for 3.45 hrs so it wasn't as outrageous to have it dripping", 'stars': '3'}
{'review': "Great Service, Value for Money, Quality Buses. Bit let down by people on board, who kept sitting in the lower section and were not helpful even when approached for any issue like WIFI. WIFI stopped working after crossing Czech Republic, maybe its a systematic issue /don't know, but the crew did not even have a satisfactory reply....Buses can also be bit late in longer journies (> 3hrs)..so, guys please cater to some time in your hands....Else, Great Bus and Great Journey though :) Recommended.....", 'stars': '3'}
{'review': 'The flixbus availability is great. I downloaded the app and booked my ticket a day before my trip (Amsterdam to Heidelberg). You get all the information straight away. The only bad thing was that they instruct you to be there 15 min ahead of time and then the bus comes 15 min later then the departure time. Really annoying especially since no one is sharing that information that the bus is late etc. But we had a nice driver. We drove safely. Bus has internet and electricity. So overall a good option to travel. And the price is so much lower then any other transportation.', 'stars': '3'}
{'review': 'bad service , but good bus', 'stars': '3'}
{'review': "I like Meinfernbus because of the many available destinations, the reasonable prices and the uncomplicated way of booking.What I really don't like is the internet service. I don't remember when was the last time I could use the promesed wifi connection in the bus.In our last trip (Milano - Zürich) we departed and arrived on time but I think that was one of the very few times in my large experience with MFB that we didn't have to count on delays.I hope you can improve these two problems, get even many more  customers and open new destinations.", 'stars': '3'}
{'review': 'I would absolutely use flixbus more frequently if you provided a direct bus between Zurich and berlin. I travel after six on a Friday and would like to travel around eleven pm Sunday if you had a non stop (perhaps only a break for the driver half way).The trip is unnecessarily long, if I drive it takes a Max of eight hours rather than the horrible 12 to thirteen on these trips. I and many others will choose to ride share rather than bus as faster and more comfortable.Additionally I would like that the buses have a strict no alcohol on board rule! Often there are many intoxicated people, mostly men who are very difficult to travel with. And the smell in the stuffy hot bus can become unbearable at times.The drivers are always very nice and informative.Please let me know if you will be providing a faster direct bus.', 'stars': '3'}
{'review': '- Internet in not working on board (50-50)- Usually on schedule- Bus drivers are usually very friendly but sometimes very aggressive- If you are unlucky, the bathroom might not be working- Bus usually clean but sometimes very dirty I am a frequent user of your services. I am not telling my opinion as I am reporting my experiences with Flixbus. Please do not justify and save your efforts for solving your quality issues. You have the foundation of being an excellent service provider just dont screw it up!', 'stars': '3'}
{'review': 'Even though the bus was good, it was a very long and bored trip because there was no wifi. The driver apologyse, however i consider is not fair to offer a service and do not provide it.', 'stars': '3'}
