{'review': "Both drivers on our bus left no stone unturned to ensure that we had the least pleasant trip possible. Before we had even boarded, they welcomed the passengers by sneering, sighing and yelling at us as we loaded our bags and got on board. It is not always clear where each Flixbus is going, so the drivers helpfully insisted they only spoke Italian. The bus was comfortable, though the wifi was non-existant. Once we were on the road, the drivers made it clear that under no circumstances were we going to be allowed to use the toilet on our 7 hour trip (not that it was broken, they just kept it locked). At this point, it became clear that they were at least moderately proficient in a number of other languages. At hour 6, we managed to negotiate the key (on the third approach) and were able to use the facilities.We also enjoyed extreme heat, several stops at service stations for the drivers to inspect the outside of the bus, and the driver's extremely loud telephone conversations.We did get to our destination but, if you can afford any other mode of transport, please do yourself a favour and splash out.", 'stars': 1}
{'review': 'After reading some of the reviews I was a bit anxious about our journey from Heidelberg to Strasbourg. The bus ride was surprisingly good, comfortable but did get a bit hot bc of the heater. Bus arrived on time. First driver was polite, professional and his driving was great. However we changed drivers at Kehl and he wasn\xe2\x80\x99t as friendly nor did he seem to care that he was driving a huge bus, he was talking on the phone from the moment he got on the bus- glad i only had 20mins with him driving.I would definitely recommend this for short trips- 2 to 3 hours. Not sure how comfortable this would be for longer trips, plus the trains around europe are so efficient and much quicker. ', 'stars': 4}
{'review': 'Took this bus at 0745 from Prague to Nuremberg The driver was a real problemI was charged an extra 9 \xe2\x82\xac for bag.Would only take eurosBarking at what to doWhilst on the journey, he went off the motorway and drove around through three gas stations with no intent of stopping-it was like touring gas stationsAs we rode to Nuremberg, the driver was on his cell phone as well as drinking coffeeFor safety, he said we could have no hand bag on the floor because of lawsRight, he had a carry bag and other bags on the floor behind which were his possessions Do as I say not as I doHe allowed certain people to bring bags on the bus but made others our the bags in the hold when all the bags were the same sizeUpon arrival in Nuremberg, he and another driver blocked the door to the bus and were slow to move to allow anyone to exitI went to customer service member at the bus to tell him of This lousy experience and he passed the buck by telling me I NEEDED to discuss with bus driverTold him forget , the ride was like being on a bus in RussiaOnce and once was enoughWould strongly recommend never to book on FlixbusRest assured I wouldn\xe2\x80\x99t HORRIBLE !', 'stars': 1}
{'review': 'I tried Flixbus many times in Europe without faceing any problem with it.The service is good, the buses are OK and the departure-arrival times are on time.The only concern that I have is : there are no labels for the luggage which are put down in the bus.', 'stars': 4}
{'review': 'Do not use this company, no matter how much money you might be saving. It\xe2\x80\x99s not worth it. We travelled from Milan to Ljubljana with Flixbus. An 8 hour journey. The duration is important because not only did the driver not stop anywhere to allow passengers to use a restroom but he refused to allow anyone to use the onboard toilet which he kept locked throughout the drive. I asked at hour 6 if I could pleeease have the key to the toilet to which he simply grunted \xe2\x80\x9cNO\xe2\x80\x9d. There was a \xe2\x80\x9csecond driver\xe2\x80\x9d onboard (though I am not sure of his role - he didn\xe2\x80\x99t drive, but he also certainly did not talk to or assist passengers). The drivers were so rude to everyone. If you do brave it, bear in mind there are no stops for food or water, so pack some snacks, and know that there is no WiFi on board. ', 'stars': 1}
{'review': 'This seems to be the place to review Flixbus, so....Our plan was to take a day trip to Bratislava from Vienna. We were going to book the Danube boat trip but by the time we did it was fully booked. So looking for alternative options Flixbus came up, and it was also a lot cheaper. Now I normally read up on most things but in this case just went ahead and booked the trip. Then looking at where we needed to go the reviews for Flixbus started to appear, and they didn\xe2\x80\x99t read well so I was nervous about what was going to happen. So we got to the Vienna bus station, it isn\xe2\x80\x99t the greatest bus station, it\xe2\x80\x99s very small but there was a display board, there was our bus, and we waited and it turned up, we got on, tickets worked fine and we left on time and arrived on time\xe2\x80\xa6phew it was all good, what was there to worry about? Well that was the journey there. We had a bus return journey at 4.30pm, we went to the stop and waited, and then waited a bit more and it has to be said that the Most SNP stop near the old town is fairly grim, there is a pub/bar place but other than that all the kiosks were closed and looked like they had been for a long time. We even checked a bus timetable and got worried for a moment that we had got the timing wrong, then realised the bus timetable was 2 years out of date. So eventually around 40mins late the bus turned up, we queued and then when showing our ticket, it was scanned and the driver said \xe2\x80\x98NO, problem ticket, off bus\xe2\x80\x99 and quite forcibly told us to get off the bus, I was confused so tried to ask him what the problem was and he kept saying \xe2\x80\x98Problem ticket! Problem Ticket!\xe2\x80\x99, another 4 people had the same response, I tried to ask him again what was wrong and we eventually worked out that we were at the wrong stop\xe2\x80\xa6the way it works is that you book your journey from A to C, if you get on the bus at stop B they won\xe2\x80\x99t let you on, even though there will be an empty seat on the bus for the remainder of the journey. We hadn\xe2\x80\x99t realised (and neither did the other people turned away) that we were at the wrong stop in the same city. So I\xe2\x80\x99d say fair enough, we got it wrong however the driver was extremely unpleasant, he practically pushed us aside and off the bus and one of the other guys had the door closed on him while he was trying to ask a question about where to buy another ticket from and so the door hit him almost trapping him in the doorway. We tried asking about buying another ticket ourselves but we were just shouted at, not pleasant at all. So again I\xe2\x80\x99d say fair enough we got it wrong but to be treated like we were with no proper explanation or advice on where we could buy another ticket was unacceptable. In the end we had to wait almost 2 hours for the next bus (again it was late) after managing to find a caf\xc3\xa9 where we could use the wi-fi to buy another ticket for the bus.', 'stars': 2}
{'review': 'Guys .. start from your den atleast 90 minutes before the departure time of the bus. Tough to find the bus stop in Prague.. Bus comes in and zips off. Hence prudence is the word. Comfortable.. toilet.. food and drinks on the bus.. perfect timing though. Fares are cheap and easy to book. ', 'stars': 4}
{'review': 'Currently on the Paris to Barcelona coach, the drive is rude and the toilets are disgusting. Urine everywhere, stinking and no toilet roll, maybe if the driver cleaned them at the bus station rather than sitting and ignoring us all then letting us on late and leaving even later the rating would be better', 'stars': 2}
{'review': 'I was charged for a ticket which was never issued !!!!!I went through all the internet proccedure, my amex card was charged with the exact amount, however I never got back an e-mail with the ticket number.I have sent my complain since a week ago, still no answer.I had to issue a new ticket with the same card and finally I got a successful e-mail with my booking number 8050370198The return trip from Vienna to Bratislava on the 19/10 supposed to start at 19.30 from Vienna. The bus arrived half an hour later and we had to wait another 30 minutes for the passangers of the next route which was at 20,30', 'stars': 1}
{'review': "They canceled my trip that was around midnight, only emailed me about it at 10pm, sent me the wrong booking numbers (twice) for my new trip, and ended up realizing that the original trip that was canceled actually wasn't canceled! The thing is, I only found about this last point while on the bus and the bus drivers themselves didn't even know about it. I had a Transatlantic flight to catch the next day so this stuff gave me a surreal amount of stress, so soon before the flight. Because I was scared of missing my flight, I booked a train ticket from Bremen (this is where the Flixbus app said we were going to have a stop) for 70 euros, but we ended up not even stopping in Bremen! So I wasted 70euros because Flixbus couldn't get their facts straight.When I contacted their customer service by phone, they said that I would receive a refund for my trip. However, when I filled in the online form, they told me that since the bus trip had reached its final destination, they could not give me a refund (for both the bus ride and the emergency train ticket I booked). I sent them a few emails and they did not reply. This is the most absurd customer service experience I've ever had and I recommend never using Flixbus ever.", 'stars': 1}
{'review': 'We travelled from Krakow to Budapest on an overnight bus. From the incessant beeping that lasted the entire 9hr ride, to the constant jerking of the bus driver and their unhelpfulness in trying to find a kindle that was accidentally left on the bus, our experience on Flixbus left us with a very bitter taste.', 'stars': 1}
{'review': "We travelled on Flixbus from Budapest to Vienna on September 15. Found it odd that a second 'driver' was on the bus and thought we were on a training / learner driver instruction. It became obvious this couldn't possibly be the case when the off duty drive kicked off his boots and laid across the front two seats and went to sleep until the border.The driver then consistently used his elbows to steer the bus while texting, cleaning the dash, cleaning his fingernails etc. On other occasions one hand controlled the steering wheel while the other hand was busy texting on the phone. Not sure of rules in Europe regarding phone use while driving, but when in control of a coach  50 people in tow, I would think phone use would be illegal.... Did not feel safe the entire trip.", 'stars': 1}
{'review': 'Bus was over an hour late. No one let anyone know until 20 minutes after it was late, and the staff kept saying "oh 15 more minutes" for over an hour, due to weather conditions. Ok fine. But don\'t play that game. If it was weather conditions you knew how late you would be, if it\'s an hour then just SAY SO and don\'t make a hundred people stand in the pouring rain for an hour for no reason. Bunch of jokes. I don\'t recommend, very disorganized!', 'stars': 1}
{'review': 'We left Nepliget Bus Station at 10:30 am exactly and arrived about 5:45 pm in Krakow. I booked online 2 mos before. 14E each. Bus was comfortable, clean, and we got to see some lovely Slovakian countryside. Small toilet on board. Bus stopped for a 25 minute rest stop about halfway into trip and again for about 10 minutes at Poland border for passport control. No problems whatsoever.', 'stars': 5}
{'review': "I travelled in Flixbus from Venice to Italy.Decent bus service, gives option to book via mobile app as well (just like startups operate nowadays).The fare keeps on varying depending on seat availability and booking rush, so try to book in advance to get the best deals.Bus has designated bus stops in Vienna, we booked the service around 2 days before via the website.The bus allows you to book the bus tickets but does not allow you to reserve seat nos of your choice, so you get the seats on first cum first serve basis.This is a let down as it's not difficult to navigate the users to a seat booking page immediately after booking the tickets.We booked the bus tickets from Mestre railway station, thinking it would be convenient for us, however, we did not know that our train from Rome will drop us at Santa Lucia station. Hence, we had to move from Santa Lucia station to Mestre station and then catch the bus, which eventually led me and my partner to sit on different seats. (another let down, as there is no provision for the user to change his boarding location via the app or website. Only option is by calling their customer care which sits somewhere in France).For travellers looking for an option to travel from Venice to Milan, I would suggest to book the tickets from Tronchetto station, as this station is nearby Santa Lucia station which is a major station in Venice.The bus also provides free Wi-Fi on board, unfortunately, I was not able to connect or use the internet at any time during my journey.There are USB charging sockets to charge your devices on board which is a useful addition.There are on board toilets as well, which adds some convenience to the travellers.The bus service is otherwise decent and punctual without any delays, bus staff is polite and to the mark, so no issues on that front.", 'stars': 3}
{'review': "We stayed for 5 minutes in the city Passau, we did go down from the highway for 10 kilometers just for anything- no new passenger anything has changed. the driver is almost time calling with someone while his is driving, it's late night and he don't care that people are tired and the would like to sleep and relax. For the next time i will take another company, even Flix is cheap but I didn't feel comfortable... ", 'stars': 2}
{'review': "Well they stop at any middle sized city (understandably) and you pay for the food in the bus and all kind of stuff. It is a discounter (isn't it?)", 'stars': 3}
{'review': 'I would like to know how long am I going to wait for refund I requested\xe2\x80\xa6 24 days ago.I would like to know if you treat always your customers like that and test their patience, expecting they will give up their rights.But I won\xe2\x80\x99t.I bought 3 tickets on the 24th August for a trip on the 9th September. Seven days later Flixbus informs that the trip is no longer available for operational reasons and automatically changes the reservation for a trip on the previous days.After some emails and phone calls, I recieve (on 7th September) an email that doesn\xe2\x80\x99t answer for what I repeatedly asked. I requested the refund again, expecting that there was some kind of misunderstanding.I even receive a survey on the 9th September for the alternative trip I had not accepted.I am still waiting.Now I assume this is a scam and Flixbus is not a serious company for sure.', 'stars': 1}
{'review': 'The guy in charge told me that the bus has not arrived and while I was waiting, the bus just leave without information. And afterwards they did nothing to refund my ticket because it was too late...', 'stars': 1}
{'review': 'Bus drivers were really polite, bus was clean, had a lot of space for your luggage and legs, wifi working perfectly. Smooth ride to Prague. As every weekend, enjoyable journey.', 'stars': 5}
{'review': "I recently traveled twice on Flixbus- once from Munich Airport to Salzburg and Salzburg to Munich Central. Both trips were wonderful! The price was incredibly reasonable (I reserved weeks in advance online), the bus was quite empty so there were a lot of room to move around, and it arrived on schedule both times. Since I was traveling straight from Munich Airport to Salzburg, I chose the bus over the train since the bus came right to the airport (we did stop in central Munich to pick up people but I didn't have to get off at all.) All of the train lines I found I would've had to switch trains in central Munich with my luggage. You had to load your own luggage into the bottom of the bus (the bus driver didn't assist with this) so if you have a ton of luggage or problems lifting things this may be a problem for you. There was wi-fi on the bus and I only used it for a short time but it worked well. When we came back into Germany, we did have to show our passports to the border guards - I was on a bus early on Saturday morning so we got through quite quickly but I would think this could cause delays at some points in the day. Overall, I plan to definitely use Flixbus when traveling in Europe again. I occasionally use Megabus in America and found it to be very similar to that.", 'stars': 5}
{'review': 'they canceled my bus (1.5 after departure time) and refuse to refund or book another bus. my trip is about to end and they are telling me to respond it will take us 14 days. the worst company I have dealt with ever. not to mention no one would even get back to me after 3 phone calls, 5 emails and messages on facebook (which they deleted)', 'stars': 1}
{'review': 'I had read a lot of reviews about Flixbus and was honestly scared to book. I still went ahead with an overnight journey from Amsterdam to Berlin. I later even booked another ride from Budapest to Vienna. I was taking a bus ride after more than 2 decades as I have road sickness. But surprisingly I easily managed. The bus was clean. Unlike the reviews, my bus was on time. The toilet was ok...tiny but manageable. Dont expect a 5-star toilet. Remember it is in a bus. I was happy because I could travel between these cities in one-third the price of a flight with no additional payment for luggage. Overall, I liked my travel choice and will use more of this service in future if needed.', 'stars': 4}
{'review': "After exploring the options of flying (expensive), shared shuttle bus (unavailable on the date required), day train (lengthy duration - 11 hours from memory) and night train (unsuitable departure and arrival times for our booked accommodation) we decided to we had no other option than to take a bus. Having read the reviews on various sites for both Polskibus and Flixbus we opted for the lesser of two evils and chose the slightly dearer Flixbus option as the consensus was that their seats provided more legroom. We booked online only two days prior to travel so probably paid a premium ticket price, but were still happy to only have to outlay \xe2\x82\xac20 each. We departed Budapest (Nepliget Bus Station) 10:30am and arrived about 10 minutes late in Krakow (Dworzec Autobusowy) at 05:40pm. We weren't expecting much, but were pleasantly surprised! The bus was modern and the amount of legroom was fine (I'm 6 ft tall). Seats aren't allocated, but we had no trouble as there was a smattering of vacant seats for the duration of the trip. There was an onboard toilet although neither of us used it. There is a 20-25 minute stop about 4 hours into the trip so you can stretch your legs, buy a coffee and make use of the train station toilet facilities (\xe2\x82\xac0.50) if required. The trip itself was pleasant enough with some nice Slovakian scenery to take in on the way. We had an excellent driver who didn't give us any cause for concern safety-wise, and my wife, who frequently suffers from motion sickness when on buses, didn't have any problems whatsoever. Although we did have a wifi signal, like most of the trains we traveled on in Europe, it was rarely strong enough to be of any use. In short, our experience with Flixbus was very positive and we would happily travel with them again!", 'stars': 5}
{'review': "Was dreading our overnight trip from Slovenia to Hungary after reading the reviews of this company! I was pleasantly surprised. Bus was 15mins late which is not a big deal, these things happen. Driver got everyone on the bus quickly and was not rude to anyone at all. I liked that they turned the lights off on the us so you could sleep. I used the toilet once near the end of the journey and it was very clean, the bus didn't smell and the bus was nice and warm throughout the entire journey. The bus only stopped once for the 6 hours journey and that was only for 5mins! we arrived into Budapest at 7am ahead of schedule.", 'stars': 4}
{'review': "I was travelling from Bratislava ( central bus station) to Vienna (Erdberg) 11th of September 2017 at 20:40.Driver was so rude,shouting on people because some of them wanted to get in bus and he didn't say we should wait.He even didn't say good evening. After he was talking to people on really rude way without respect. He behaved like we came to his house.That was my first and last time with this company.Unacceptable to have drives like that one!!!!", 'stars': 1}
{'review': "This was the second time I've use Flixbus. First time was Munich to Prague and it was really quite good.This time from Munich to Frankfurt and it was terrible. Over an hour delayed to get away, with the board saying nothing about a delay until it was about 45 mins late already. Eventually it disappeared off the boarding gate and people were panicking about it.The trip was advertised as direct 4h 45mins. It took over 7hours. 2 stops at service stations along the way one 15 min and one 30 mins. (Prague trip was no stops, except for a quick driver change). The main delay was the driver swapping from one Autobahn to another going cross country for over an hour, it made no sense as my traffic info said it was clear.So rather than getting into Frankfurt at 8pm it was nearly 11pm. So I had to waste money on a taxi on top of it to get to my hotel quick and safe.The return journey was much better, taking the normal Autobahn the whole way, but was still 45mins delayed getting away.", 'stars': 1}
{'review': 'Very poor communication of location. Very poor customer service. I was calling 4 (!) times customer service in Berlin and have received 4 different feedbacks. At the end I\'ve contacted them via online form and after 6 days receive a "copy-paste" reply that it\'s my own fault and that Flixbus is the best company on Earth. No way for me to travel with Flixbus again.', 'stars': 1}
{'review': 'Hello,I would like to tell you about some issues we had with Flixbus on 08th and 9th September 2017. Our names are Claudio P. and Mariangela C.On 8th September, we were standing at the Flixbus stop in Rotterdam (booking no. 8....59) when we received an email informing that the bus was 3 hours late. We, like the other passengers waiting for the same bus, read this email only 45 minutes later as we didn\xe2\x80\x99t have internet access. Maybe through a text message would have been better. We then bought 2 train tickets for Eindhoven spending \xe2\x82\xac 38 extra. Just so you know, we didn\xe2\x80\x99t receive any kind of assistance, any emails offering a refund. According to your terms and conditions, we should be entitled to be refunded in full.The following day at 9.35 we took the bus 080 riding from Eindhoven to London (return tickets 8...285) scheduled for 9.20 am. After 10 minutes, the bus was stopped for the driver changeover. The real problems begin from here. After leaving Eindhoven, the bus started to release a foul-smelling. Some passengers complained and the driver explained us his colleague didn\xe2\x80\x99t empty the tank; we couldn\xe2\x80\x99t use the toilet for the entire journey.We were approaching Antwerp and the driver complained the GPS didn\xe2\x80\x99t work. He didn\xe2\x80\x99t know how to reach Antwerp bus station; the navigation system kept on leading him to the wrong direction. People tried to communicate with the driver but he could speak only French. Just a quick remark, the GPS was setting to Dutch Language and I have the doubt the driver couldn\xe2\x80\x99t understand directions. Finally, a lady who had to be dropped off at Antwerp Bus Station, guided the driver to destination. Some passenger became nervous, we were facing an accumulated delay of about 2 hours; a man, who needed to reach Bruges shouted at the driver and the police was called. They spent at least 20 minutes to try to calm down the furious passenger.Same situation and same problems to reach Bruges and De Panne stations. The driver lost the control of situation. He was visible stressed and didn\xe2\x80\x99t have a clue where he had to go. He committed some traffic and driving offences: he used his mobile phone to liaise with Flixbus Headquarter, he failed to stop at traffic lights, he ignored zebra crossings making things dangerous for pedestrians, he stopped the bus on the city tram tracks in De Panne\xe2\x80\xa6 do I have to carry on? Some passengers took him photos and videos.When we realised, he could speak a little Italian, I helped and guided him to the Channel Tunnel using my phone. By the time we arrived, the ferry we were supposed to board had left, and we waited almost 2 hours to get the first available. He was exhausted and slept a bit before boarding and continuing our journey but before, we had the chance to chat a little. He admitted he didn\xe2\x80\x99t know the route and he was replacing one of his colleagues. He said he is from Marocco and has 14 years\xe2\x80\x99 experience driving bus but he never faced a situation like that. He gave me his mobile number.I had to guided him again to reach the final stop; we reach Victoria Coach Station at 9.35 pm. The arrival was scheduled for 5.30 pm. We missed our flights to Spain and we had to stay in hotel for that night. I want to be refunded for all the extra money we had to spend for their incompetence.', 'stars': 1}
{'review': "We're traveling overnight from London to Brussels, bus left London half hour late, but came to Brussels two hour before the schedule, so I won't complain about that much. However bus was full to the last seat and on the top deck was like a sauna - hardly used. WiFi maybe not the fastest, limited, but was usually working.", 'stars': 2}
{'review': 'I have very low standards for commuting - I simply want to get from Point A to Point B efficiently and comfortably. My Flixbus from Gent to Amsterdam was very comfortable and efficient. Absolutely no complaints, would use it again in a heartbeat. Just be sure to show up early!', 'stars': 4}
{'review': "We bought a bus ticket from Krakow to Lviv at 5am. I suppose they didn't have enough persons for the bus so they decided to cancel it. We ordered the refund and they don't answer our emails and they cannot process it through the conttact center. Through the contact center they are only able to offer us a voucher.", 'stars': 1}
{'review': 'I have taken Flixbus on June 2017 to Dresden central station and I was supposed to take the line 220 to Wroc\xc5\x82aw. The first bus arrived late to Dresden causing me to miss the second one... I had one possibility which is to stay at Dresden until tomorrow to take the bus to Wroclaw. I have contacted the contact center couple of times and sent a refund request. My emails were just ignored. I received recently a response tha I will not be refunded. You guys are the worst company.', 'stars': 1}
{'review': "We cancelled 1 ride and got a voucher. We asked for a monetary refund and aside from the \xe2\x82\xac1 cancellation fee that they charge, they ask \xe2\x82\xac2 fee if you want your voucher to be refunded in cash. Wasn't a problem for us at all but it's not stated anywhere about the \xe2\x82\xac2 extra charge. They refunded us less money and when we emailed them about this, took days before they reply. They kept insisting that they gave us the correct amount back but when asked how they came up with that amount, they stopped answering. Incompetent staff. Eventually, after a lot of emails, facebook and twitter messages, they finally gave us the correct amount back. ", 'stars': 1}
{'review': "I've taken buses from London to Lille, Brussels, Paris, Rotterdam and Berlin, and would rate Flixbus as the second-worst mode of transportation after human trafficking by lorry: do not use it unless you absolutely, absolutely have to. Should you decide to brave the journey, I've compiled some tips: 1. It's up to you to walk around the parking lot of the coach station looking for the right bus - give yourself at least half an hour, because some stations (e.g. Paris Bercy) are divided into two sections that are very far apart. You may end up never finding your bus.2. If you do find your bus, try to keep your luggage as far inside the cabin as possible, and keep your eyes on the cabin whenever there's a baggage unloading. In Brussels there were people at the bus stop literally waiting to steal the luggage of arriving customers. If your stuff gets stolen, don't expect any sympathy or assistance from the staff, because:3. The bus drivers, particularly the Dutch ones for some reason, are exceptionally rude, even hostile: they bark instructions as though the customers were animals. Really: they don't speak; they shout.4. Use the bathroom before boarding your bus. The bathrooms are dirty, there is unlikely to be toilet roll, and everything is going to be sticky with urine. (The floors of the bus are also dirty, but there are plastic bags for rubbish on every aisle seat.)5. Bring a fan. Ventilation is unreliable.6. Bring a torch. When they say that the USB sockets are under the seats, they really mean ten thousand leagues under the sea(t).7. If you're doing a UK-France trip, bring full meals. They are unlikely to stop at the Shuttle centre, because they owe you nothing. Sometimes they announce the availability of snacks, soda and water on the bus, but this availability is subject to the whim of the drivers: they gave me water for free when I asked to buy it, but pretended not to ask my (East Asian) neighbour when she asked where she could find water. It was not a language barrier. 8. Brace yourself for a kafkaesque contempt for humanity. You can expect neighbours listening to music too loudly, drivers dragging refugees out of the bus from underneath the seats, aggrieved customers threatening to call the police, a perfect indifference to all customer concerns, and other elements of the human tragedy. On the upside, you'll eventually find yourself at your destination. Bon courage.As a final unrelated tip: not all low-budget buses are this horrific. I took a Ouibus from Paris to London and the drivers had a wonderful sense of humour, and were so considerate as to murmur their announcements very gently so as not to violently awake the passengers (it was an overnight journey). The bus was clean, the WiFi reliable, and the air breathable.", 'stars': 1}
{'review': 'The bus was late making us arrive at our destination 2 hours after schedule!! The wifi is free but only last like less than an hour and is very slow, no videos would load. Other than that the drivers were nice and the bus was clean and comfortable ', 'stars': 3}
{'review': 'They have terrible luggage policies. They are trying to monopolise all rides and offer "cheap" services, but they take money for everything. I travel with my folding bike in Europe a lot and always had problem with them. In the terms and conditions folding bike in the bag is concidered as a special luggage and you need to pay for it , but sometimes the driver just decides that it\'s not possible to put it in the luggage part and you need bike ticket. In Berlin when I asked for bike ticket they told me that it\'s not possible to buy extra ticket and the bike ticket should have been bought during the process of buying ticket. So I had to cancel my ticket and buy a new ticket with new price for another bus after 2 hours. The funny thing was that the next bus didn\'t even check my ticket and just put the bike in. I\'ve traveled with my bike with more than 10 other buslines and never had such problem. The staff are quiet rude and the service is bad. Two times the driver was shouting at me. ', 'stars': 1}
{'review': "Bad service, no info. Not friendly workers. It could be great but it is not. And it's very slow. BlaBlaCar is preferable. ", 'stars': 1}
{'review': 'My Flixbus ride from Brussels to Paris on July 21 was one of the worst experiences in my life. The bus was one hour late and the driver decided to travel through the small alleys of the Belgian countryside, claiming that there was an accident on the road. I believed him at the beginning but started to have my doubts when he stopped at a gas station for 45 minutes to drink coffee and of course to tempt the already tired and angry passengers to buy a drink from the cafe at the gas station.That was when I seized the opportunity to collected my luggage. With the help of two real gentlemen among the passengers (thank you guys so very much) I managed to take a taxi in order to try to catch my plane at CDC. For me it was a "mission impossible" kind of situation. Fortunately, I miraculously caught my plane just 10 minutes before the counter was closed. I do regret not reading the reviews of this company before booking a ticket with them. I will never ever repeat this mistake. Ironically, since my return, they keep sending me invitations to travel with them on other roads.', 'stars': 1}
{'review': 'The only thing reliable with Flixbus is they are almost always late (often by several hours) and have extremely poor customer service, who generally have no idea where their buses are, and when they are expected to arrive or depart.', 'stars': 1}
{'review': 'Fairly good and affordable bus service. We took the bus from Milan to Lucerne and though the bus trip was meant to be 4 hours, we were significantly delayed by traffic (outside of Flixbus\xe2\x80\x99 control) and arrived 3 hours late. Despite this, the bus ride was fairly comfortable. There are powerpoints under the seats and free luggage storage under the bus. The driver was quite nice, too. Unfortunately, the wifi did not work for the whole trip, which was the only downside to their service.', 'stars': 3}
{'review': 'I don\'t know if you know this company or if you travelled with them, but if you are thinking of doing so be prepared for a little adventure trying to figure out where your bus stop will be. They give you nice tickets with little maps on them (very good design actually) but if you read them carefully to look for crucial information you\'ll find it lacking. At Gare Oriente in Lisbon you have 40 plus bus terminals and nowhere on the ticket it says where you mus go to find your bus. Flixbus support doesn\'t have that information either so don\'t waste money on phone calls to Germany (their call center) or write on Facebook, I can save you the trouble and provide you with the information (helpful) they will give you: "yes the bus will be green". There is no spot information Center or any simple stickers with the company\'s name, you will have to look out for a green bus, happy hunting peps!', 'stars': 1}
{'review': "The arrival time listed on my reservation San Sebastian to Porto was incorrect by an hour, as they didn't allow for the time difference between Spain  Portugal. This was a problem for my friends who had arranged to meet me in Porto. This needs to be corrected.Also, there was no information at the station about the Paris-Porto bus schedule. Flixbus had other schedules posted, but not this one. And inexplicably, they stopped in the middle of nowhere to wash the bus in the middle of the trip--which was very odd. Can't they do this before or after the trip?Otherwise the bus was new  clean, the wifi fairly reliable (we did pass through some remote mountainous areas) Overall the staff were were quite pleasant and accommodating--speaking several languages. The one exception was one of the drivers from Bilbao to Porto--who was somewhat surly, and actually made an unscheduled stop at a roundabout so he could smoke. Give the guy some nicotine gum or a patch, for chrissakes....For the price, it was worth it, but adjusting for time zones so they provide the correct arrival time is kinda basic", 'stars': 3}
{'review': 'We travelled on flixbus from Anneycy to Marseille with 2 young kids.Its was my sons bday 2 days prior n we had given him a few gifts like a camera, a watch etc which he carried in his small sling bag .He forgot the sling bag on the bus. Since then we sending emails and hve filled up a lost baggage form but there is zero communication from their end !!!! No email no reply !!! Thats really very weird . Normally they can communicate within the moment they find the lost baggage but looks like they dont want to !! Never seen such lousy service on any other company bus !! Even if u leave smething behind in a airplane you get your stuff or correspondence within 48 hours !! I think they dont want to return the stuff back !! Cheaters they are !!! Dont travel on this bus ever !!!!', 'stars': 1}
{'review': 'Members of staff are old and cranky... okay, the fact that you are old doesn\'t mean that you have to be rude. It was at "FlexBus" 5611 AA Eindhoven, Netherlands around 6:15 am, while the bus was stopped one of the drivers (or staff) a bald white guy with, glasses, jeans and a white long sleeve shirt told us "you have to move to other seat" in a foreign language, without an explanation, with loud voice, rude.I was sat in the first row of seats because it was the only seat available when I arrived to Luxembourg Place de la Gare, Quai 16 on monday July 24th 1:50 AM Both of the staff members said it was ok at that moment and there were more more people sat right there. I just think this is something that, you guys, need to address.On the other hand, they never mentioned having so many stops it was like 6 or 7 from Lux to Amsterdam, not good. Come on, having a cheap service doesn\'t mean that everything has to be a hassle.', 'stars': 2}
{'review': 'We took the bus from Lampugnano to Lugano (return tickets). The bus came 30 mins early from the schedule. Dirty bus and so many rubbish at the seat! the table is sticky! The toilet bus was so smelly. Imagine, when someone open the toilet doors, all bus will affected with the smell. Please provide bus perfume or always clean the toilet!. Lastly, the bus came late from Lugano to Lampugnano.', 'stars': 2}
{'review': 'FlixBus was basically hopeless both times I attempted to use them.The first time the bus was over two hours late and the second time the bus was a totally different bus, with a different company name and therefore we had no idea this was the correct bus. Flix bus company gave no information that this would be the case. No response to my email complaint either. Ended up using other bus companies for the rest of our trip and they were 1000x better, cleaner and more reliable.Will never use Flixbus again.', 'stars': 1}
{'review': "Having cycled from London to Dresden I needed a service which would take me, my bike and my friend onto Prague. Flixbus was ideal it arrived on time was comfortable for the price and space for the bike in fact I even contemplated taking the bus route from Prague to the Netherlands (24 hr overnight) however there was no space for my bike and having cycled once across Germany I wasn't about to repeat it so soon. Note you do need to remove your water bottles as well as the panniers.", 'stars': 4}
{'review': "The bus DID NOT COME and nobody answer the customer service line and all the staff on other bus (also flixbus but not the one I gonna take) were terrible, they did not want to help us and they even said to us that their work were done and they were going home. So all of us waited in the rain at night for A BUS THAT NEVER COME and nobody cared. There's even a women carried a baby, what a shame to the company and all the bus drivers. After that horrible night we wrote an email to flixbus and all we got was a apology mail saying it's not their fault it's due to the weather and other factors bla bla bla. NEVER AGAIN, HIGHLY NOT RECOMMEND!!! don't choose flixbus. Terrible. ", 'stars': 1}
{'review': 'Whilst travelling through Europe myself and friends attempted to use FlixBus on two occasions. The first of which the bus was over two hours late (we were luckily enough to find wifi close by and find the updated schedule) once on the bus, the driver stoped multiple times for cigarette breaks (over 15 minutes sometimes).On our second trip a few days later, we booked in advance and arrived at the bus station 20 minutes early. Once time ticked 10 minutes past the departure time with no sign of the flix bus we enquired with staff only to find out that the green flix bus we were looking for was in fact a completely different bus that had already left, under a different company name, with no numbers or signs to let us know this was a "flix bus". We then had to purchase new tickets and after emailing the company to complain, received no response. Wifi also never worked, would not recommend.', 'stars': 1}
{'review': 'Bus was way too late. Because of that we missed our second bus. No space for legs, no pauzes for 4 hours. Driver only spoke french and was calling while driving.Never again.', 'stars': 1}
{'review': "we took the flixbus from budapest to vienna a 3 hours drive non stop .The bus came on time the driver was kind and polite price was very good and yet two things which I found annoying , In our bus there was no toilet .Nevertheless the bus driver didn't stop even once for a toilet break and I found it very hard to keep it in for 3 hours it felt like a jail on wheels ( therefore the train is better ) Furthermore , wifi didn't work at all although it was promised which is another great plus of the train company . still the price worth it and the bus was clean and convenient", 'stars': 3}
{'review': "We took the bus from Amsterdam to Paris. The driver was on time and friendly, though he was playing his radio the whole time, we were towards the back of the bus so it didn't really bother us. Everything went fine. We were about an hour late arriving into Paris because of Traffic. Only real let down was that the internet stopped working about halfway through the ride.", 'stars': 3}
{'review': 'We used Flixbus for two return trips from Munich. The buses were always on time and we had comfortable journeys. The onboard wi-fi was excellent. ', 'stars': 4}
{'review': "I drove with flixbus 2 days ago. It was the worst experiences of my life. No AC, toilet was broken and it was an hour late. If you are planning on taking a long trip with this bus, don't. I recommend going by train even if it's more expensive. All these things they promise you like food and AC and a toilet is not true. The wifi only works a certain amount of time and is very slow. ", 'stars': 1}
{'review': "I took flixbus from lund to stockholm and it was quite a bad experience. It was not clear where we should wait for the bus, the bus delayed around 30 minutes and it was almost full, the staff was rude, they don't check any voucher or ticket before you get in, there were a lot of noise and sunlight. If you are travelling in a night bus I suggest you to wear an eye mask and headphones. The ticket is very cheap but flixbus seems not to be a serious company concerned about its clients safety and comfort.", 'stars': 1}
{'review': "We booked the bus and it was 50% full, no seat numbers and we were not told that there were 7 stops till Paris. Our bus left around 11.15pm and was 15mins late which is ok. It at least have someone at the stop to let people know if it's coming or left or some information of any kind. Nothing.The bus was comfortable but just about 80kilometers the back wheels begin vibrating a lot and that doesn't allow for a good rest.At around 4.30am the bus drove into a Petrol station for a break and didn't realize there was a height restriction barrier and slammed into it thereby shattering the sunroof at the back of the bus. Glass was everywhere, seats, floor and on passengers I had pieces on myself. The irony was the driver and co driver were not aware and began to move when we made some noise they started cleaning up. Vacuum cleaner, pan etc all come out. They then wrapped it up in plastic which was so noisy that we couldn't sleep anymore. We were delayed by 2 hours.. no apologizes, nothing.. complete disaster.Never again.", 'stars': 1}
{'review': 'I took Flixbus from Presov, Slovakia to Budapest, having purchased my ticket online. The bus left Presov on time and arrived slightly late in Budapest due to roadwork: it was about a four-hour trip. I was impressed by the cleanliness and comfort of the bus: nice seats with tray tables and footrests, electrical power outlets, effective air conditoning, pleasant amber and charcoal interior, a professional driver, and a very quiet ride. The ticket price was reasonable, and Flixbus reminded me by email about my impending departure. In short, the bus trip was exactly as advertised, enjoyable and punctual. I certainly would use Flixbus again.', 'stars': 5}
{'review': 'I paid 20 Euro to get from Venice to la spezia. Confusing to find the bus stop... Wifi at first slow then not working at all... no food to be seen on the bus, no menus as suggested. Bus ran late and then dropped in the middle of no where in la spezia, far away from everything... very inconvenient. Had to take a taxi to the train station which spent all of my savings. Dropped about 4km from station with luggage. Also there appears to be no etiquette for buses like there are trains and a whole bunch of youths got on and yelled from bologna to la spezia which was awful. (Hours)The only reason you might take this is if you were travelling light on luggage and on a tight budget and willing to walk places. Then it would be for you. ', 'stars': 2}
{'review': "Outbound journey from Geneva to Annecy was OK, but return from Annecy to Geneva didn't happen.. Received a text message saying that there was a one and a half hour delay, and then another saying the delay was two and a half hours.. No alternatives ways of getting to Geneva on a Sunday evening apart from Uber at a cost of 72 Euros.. Customer service emails (only in German) said they were experiencing high levels of correspondence... We'll, there's a surprise! You have been warned! ", 'stars': 2}
{'review': "Went via Flixbus because it was a decent price, but overall not worth it. Bus was decently clean (got on at 9am), but bus arrived 2 hours later than originally estimated for arrival time. Further I missed by first bus by 2 minutes (got a bit lost and had no reception to call and change tickets), so had to buy a new ticket (literally 2 minutes after departure at double the price of my original ticket). Think they could be a little more flexible in such circumstances for customer service sake. Don't bother with the app it was worse than useless, full of bugs.", 'stars': 2}
{'review': "I travel a lot with flixbus and the service is worst everyday. We traveled from London to Paris, with a connection bus in Brussels. (There were no more option when we booked it in advance). The bus started the journey one hour delayed (London was the first station, so there were no reasons) and they didn't say anything about the reason of the delay. The bus had a problem in the train to cross to France and we arrived 3 hours late (we had 1h45 to change bus) and we lost the connection. After insisting twice to the driver, the only solution they gave us was to take another bus (which took longer) at 21:00 from Brussels.Finally, we arrived in Paris at 2:00 in the morning instead of 22:45, with no public transportation at that time. We had to pay a taxi to go home. The biggest problem was that in London, we realized there were another bus going directly to Paris, and it was cheaper than the bus we actually paid. We tried to board it but they told us we needed to call the customer service in France. They could not call for us, they could not do anything. They don't have an office in London. Finally, after trying to reach them, the direct bus started the journey without us.Now flixbus is very expensive if you travel to another country. It's more expensive than the plane if you book early.I will start looking for different options, like carpooling, train, plane or other bus companies.", 'stars': 2}
{'review': "Travelled on a flixbus which had a stop in the middle and a change of bus in Genoa to get to our destination. The buses had working recliners, air conditioning, lights, plug sockets and USB ports, as well as Wifi. The chairs were very comfy and it was a pleasant journey. The bus was suppose to arrive in the morning but was over an hour late. On the tickets it requests you arrive 30 minutes before departure- with the hour late the bus was it was a disappointing beginning to the journey. Especially when we had to be up so early to get there. Also, when we arrived at Genoa we discovered that it wasn't a building where we could sit in the shade or cool waiting for the next bus which wasn't ideal. The bus journey itself was good and comfortable for the long journey - so would rate that highly. However the whole experience altogether was not desirable so lowers our rating of Flixbus unfortunately. Hopefully if we use them again, it will be a better experience. Would use them again if we had to, hopefully it was just a one off bad trip ", 'stars': 2}
{'review': 'We book return tickets from Frankfurt to Heidelberg the same day. The bus was supposed to leave Frankfurt at 9:45, but it did not until 11:00. They guys from Flixbus in the station did not inform anyone about what was happening.But the worst happened coming back from Heidelberg. The bus was supposed to leave at 18:30, but we did not get into a bus until 20:30. In this station there were not anyone from Flixbus to ask, so we had to call the company who did not help at all. Also, we were trying to ask the bus drivers from Flixbus that went to Frankfurt but in other bus lines and they were very rude, not helping the people there or calling the company to see what happened. Only at the end one bus driver called the company and told us that the bus was coming like 2 hours late.I am never going to use this company again. The money is not worth it.', 'stars': 1}
{'review': "Tried multiple times to book a ticket with multiple cards and would not go through, went to service email and got one u helpful reply! Had to pay X3 at the bus TWICE because it didn't work TWICE. The bus driver said there was a info station at the half way transfer station WHICH THERE WASNT so I had to pay x3 the amount again!!!! Got no help and the service was terrible!! Would of been cheaper to go by plane if I didn't have to leave ASAP!! The bus cleanliness and toilets are great but not worth the stress and hassle of the booking errors and bad customer service!!! ", 'stars': 1}
{'review': 'FlixBus, the staff in general are very rude (with the exception of one driver who was on his own, he apologised for us for being 45 minutes late and no wifi).We have been on 5 Flixbuses with only 1 with wifi, we booked with Flixbus because they stated they have wifi, wifi is important to us as we have no mobile coverage on our devices AND we need it to contact our hosts with arrival times, ordering Uber or taxi on arrival.We asked one driver from another Flixbus for information on our very late bus, he told us it was held up in traffic and that we would know were it will be when it eventually arrives as it is the "big green bus". We were waiting for a "big green bus" at Prague bus station today but could only see a double decker bus of another company at the platform our Flixbus was supposed to leave from, so we asked for information from them about our bus and were told it was our bus and it had replaced as the original Flixbus was broken. This was said in a manner that we should have realised that this was normal practice.When it came to loading our bags which one of the drivers normally does, the storage bay was about 1.5 mtrs off the ground. The bus driver expected me to load our own 2x 20kg suitcases and when I explained that lifting the cases that high for me was not safe, he shrugged his shoulders to indicate that if I didn\'t that they could stay where they were on the side of the platform as he had no intention of helping me.When we changed buses at Dresden, the driver opened the cargo door and stood back letting the passengers load there own bags not helping at all, on arrival in Berlin the driver opened the cargo doors and went to the front of the bus and had a cigarette just watching the ensuing chaos as a full bus load of people trying to locate and unload their bags at the same time as the new passengers were trying to load theirs.The buses in general were lean and comfortable except for the lack of wifi and the bad attitude of the staff, plus it was the total indifference to their passengers that irked me. We will be choosing the "big yellow buses" from now on.', 'stars': 1}
{'review': 'By chance we discovered Flixbus while travelling around Europe. And used it for 3 routes, Marseille to Genoa, Venice to Florence and Rome to Bari. The drivers are courteous, and drive safely. Always punctual and good value for money. Yes, there are toilets on the buses. Easy to book online.', 'stars': 5}
{'review': 'My wife and I took a Fluxbus from Frankfurt to Zurich. First of all the bus was about 30 - 45 minutes late. The bus driver was very rude. There was hardly any space left in the bus when it arrived, we had to share an award table arrangement where you face strangers on the bus with a table between the two of you. The toilet was probably the worst, located near the middle of the bus and the smell was enough to make you sick. We took another bus from Zurich to Milan , this time however the bus configuration was different, the driver was more friendly and we had a good trip. I can therefore not recommend or advice against it, as the title states, Hit and miss...', 'stars': 2}
{'review': "It had 30 minutes delay in source and 1hour to destination. Very bad trip. Bad driver....don't ruin your trip by flixbus", 'stars': 1}
{'review': "I took flixbus twice within two consecutive days in April. First bus was from Antwerp to Eindhoven. It was 1 and half hour late. Bus came without any sign. I was lucky not to have missed it. Second trip was from Eindhoven back to Antwerp. Driver scanned my ticket then denied my entry because he said my valid driver's license is not sufficient and declined to specify what's sufficient. I checked their website which stated drivers' license are valid identification. I got a strong sense of being discriminated against as I am not your lily white Belgium. I contacted the bus company later to complain and demand a refund. They only gave me a voucher which is useless for an non European like me and no apology. They essentially sold me a bill of goods and refuse to deliver and pocket the money. I decide to take this up with German and Belgium authorities. I consider this is simply discriminatory and a robbery. Please avoid this company if you have alternatives. ", 'stars': 1}
{'review': 'Extremely punctual. Very confortable service. Clean toilette, free (limited wifi), and one outlet every two seats. They just ask you for your name before entering the bus, no ticket.', 'stars': 4}
