{'review': 'Perfect communication, also comfort and price ratio, flexibility. The only disadvantage - possible delays because of police control.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Professional staff members who provide instructions and address questions in a polite way. Free Wifi on coaches, clean and comfortable buses.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': "Flixbus has now messed up two of my tickets, forcing me to buy new new tickets for later times at an additional cost. The drivers and staff are rude and inflexible. Good luck trying to reach someone via the customer service number. The only good thing I can say is that the buses are usually on time. Oh, but if you want to switch your ticket you'll probably find yourself spendn hours trying to reach someone on the phone or communicate with one of the staff members in person. It's better than walking, slightly.", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Unacceptable slow service. Enormous delays (2 hours) due to NO particular reasons. The drivers spent 30 minutes discussing with ineligible passengers who have NO tickets. Instead, I who have bought a ticket will be late for my onward trip from Venezia Mestre. Terrible!!!', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Have only had good experiences with Flix. Have taken flix between Copenhagen and Jutland sometimes and it has been just fine. The only downside is they do not really hold somewhere you can buy coffee or a little to eat. Since I had a lot of receipts, I wrote it just to them and they put them together for one proof without rubbish. Departure on time and always arrive safely. Good prices, especially when you are a student. Going with flix this weekend and have just booked the ticket to Berlin. The drivers I have met have all been both good and helpful.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Flixbus line 632A 12 / 11-17 departure Kbh 17.15: We stayed at a rest area before the Lillebæltsbroen. When the driver closed the doors and started, he was told by a passenger that we were missing a person, a young girl. We were not yet on the highway. He chose to move on. Poor girl! And very uncomfortable for us passengers! It could have been one himself. The same driver had earlier, about 10 min. before Odense, held into the distress of the highway because he was going to pee. In addition, the speed of the road between Horsens and Silkeborg was 100 km / h. However, when we mentioned this, it was lowered to 90 ...', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Very ok service if buses are not packed.  More than on time. As there is not only positive comments I would put my veto on the state of the toilets and the lack of break  time.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': '13nov17- Hannover to Hamburg - 20:00hsUntil todays trip I concidered myself a regular Flixbus customer...but not anymore after both controller and driver unfriendly  and laughingly refused me taking inside one of my 2 bags! It was a small flat box with a fragile Villwroy&Bosch Christmas toy which I bought at Karstadt today and which I intended to put in a compartment over my head where there was plenty of space...Nevertheless, and even after offering to pay extra money for ir, I was blintly refused this possibility and obliged to put it under the bus with normal luggage! I feel mistreated and very upset and decided not to use Flixbus monopolic services anymore from now on...Shame...', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "use the service if there's no other option. the drivers make unscheduled stops whenever and however long they want. doesn't really care about customers/travellers.", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Hi here. Do not be scared of all the bad reviews on trustpilot. Have 4 amazing experiences with flixbus over last weekend. First from kbh to aahus friday, also home again the same day. And the same trip on Sundays. The buses arrived on time and we arrived on time, 2 of the times actually 10 minutes before time. Friendly driver. No problems there. And remember now, only those who have had a bad experience with Flixbus, write in here. So all in all, a super satisfied customer at Flixbus.', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'Last weekend we traveled to LUND in Sweden on Saturday and in the evening we had to go back to Copenhagen. On my way home my wife had to use the toilet. and we asked if she just had to use the toilet. Because it was locked. They shouted loudly and angry: No No I checked all the way for Wi-Fi. There was no internet connection. The shuttle bus is free. Operation equals Zero.It is my experience.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Coach, driver, comfort, timing - all good. But no informant/ information at the boarding point (Leipzig).', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Punctual and smooth journey', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'The most affordable way to travel in Italy, excellent service, WiFi, chargers and WC provided on board. Very comfortable experience!', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'Very good journeyVery on time and highly recommended', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'Good service, on time departure and arrival. Kind staffs.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Excellent drive, pleasant driver, clean bus, accurate timing,  stable internet connection with satisfied download and poor upload.', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'Cph to Hamburg with Flixbus lasted 40 mins more than planned, due to change of drivers and gas filling halfway!. And the drivers do not inform passengers in English, only German. Not acceptable!', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "I was going to Odense S to Copenhagen on November 10th. 14.40. The bus will be delayed without notice. During the next hour I call three times for customer service, and last time I'm told that my ticket has been purchased, but I have not had any space on some of the buses. I end up getting a new ticket at 16.30, BUT, not only is the new ticket more expensive, while receiving a voucher from my previous ticket minus 10 kroner in cancellation fee. I travel between Kbh and Odense several times a month, both with black ticket and flixbus, so I'm used to a bit of each, but I've never experienced anything like that! Terrible company and confined to useless customer service.", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Great customer service', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': "Bus arrived 90 minutes late at departure point in De Panne (Belgium) and had almost 1hour 40 minutes delay at arrival in London. On calling customer service in Germany they categorically refused to make any reimbursement for my missed connection nor did they offer any other alternative (as they are required as is stated in their own passenger rights disclaimer) so effectively I'm stranded in London and required to arrange and pay all costs my self.", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "More and more this is happening and it's unacceptable. Due to their own inability of being punctual (no particular traffic on the road), the drivers stop 45 minutes for their break before arriving to destination, making a 4 hours long travel last one hour more.Advice: use flixbus JUST when absolutely needed, otherwise rely on other means.", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'I feel really comfortable throughout this travel. No matter encountered my journey.', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': "Additionally to be done in German, all stops need to be announced in the English language. Germany hosts a tremendous amount of foreigners, yet non-German speakers mostly; please make them feel home. That wouldn't do anything but increasingly grow your customer base.Thank you!", 'stars': '4'}
{'review': "100% of the time it's late.. At least 30mins up to a few hours. Stated times online always underestimated.. beware.", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'I heard some harsh opinions about Flixbus (especially regarding the behaviour of the drivers) - but I took a trip from Prague to Znojmo and I had no problems really. It was fine.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Flixbus is great for budget travelers. One thing to keep in mind is that you cannot book seats while booking your tickets, so booking early and being early at the station will not guarantee best seats. In some cities it is really hard to find the Flixbus stop, even with google maps.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': "Absolutely horrendous.This was my first time on flixbus, I live in Siena and my girlfriend lives in Frankfurt, it's been a long time since I've seen her. I booked the bus from Siena to Frankfurt, with a change in Bologna. The bus to bologna was adequate, save for a really very long stop in a petrol station (40 minutes +). Changed in Bologna for Frankfurt, everything was well enough until we reached the German borders with Austria, in a city called Lindau. German police came up to what I thought was a conventional security check, only to remain stopped for more than an hour. At this point everyone was wondering what was going on, and to our surprise, the police has discovered a luggage bag with 6 kg of Marijuana. Police kept all bus passengers detained in the bus, with not even the possibility to go get some food. We were detained for more than 10 hours. We were very thoroughly searched and even took DNA tests for the police.Instead of reaching Frankfurt at 2pm that day, we arrived at 12am the next day.I emailed flixbus but received no answer. This could have easily been avoided if flixbus cared about the luggage it transports, instead of allowing anyone to put whatever they want in the luggage area.", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'This is a terrible service. My bus for which I paid 20 euros arrived 15 minutes early and left without me, even though FlixBus sent me two emails telling me that the bus would arrive 15 minutes late. The last email was sent 30 minutes before the bus’ departure. When I tried to receive a refund for the clear miscommunication on the part of the company (which they admitted), they refused to refund me or to give me a voucher. Absolutely unacceptable customer service and will not travel with them again.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'We were on a night trip from Paris to Zurich. The bus arrived on time and departed only 10 minutes late. There were no toilets available on the bus that we could find with only one stop made around 2:30am for a bathroom brake, we left Paris at 11:15 and arrived in Zurich at about 9. It was a very long time for only one bathroom brake. This was a problem as they pumped the bus full of warm air which caused us to drink lots of water and hence needed to bathroom. We were not able to connect to any wifi throughout the trip which was a problem as we could not sleep.', 'stars': '3'}
{'review': 'Good prices  *****', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'A very useful travel means for unplanned trips and cheaper costs', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'We were two Americans on vacation in France.  We decided to take a day trip from Paris to Rouen and booked with FlixBus.  Our return trip was supposed to depart from Rouen at 18:45, and arrive at Paris Ibis Clichy Batignolles station at 20:35.Our hotel was near Paris Ibis Clichy Batignolles station and we had planned to return to the hotel in the evening to attend a prepaid event.The bus showed up at Rouen at 18:45.  After the driver scanned our ticket, we boarded and just waited on the bus for a long time, while the driver stayed in his seat, listened to his music, and browsed on his mobile phone.  The bus did not depart Rouen until 19:25.We arrived in Paris around 21:10.  A few minutes after stepping off the bus, we realized that we WERE NOT in our destination stop, we were instead in Paris Bercy station, at the other side of Paris, a long way from Paris Ibis Clichy Batignolles.We went back to the driver to find out why he didn\'t stop at Paris Ibis Clichy Batignolle before Paris Bercy. He told us to get help from the service girl in green shirt on the platform, some distance away.  By the time we chased down this service girl, she wanted to talk to the driver.  The driver was gone by this time.  The service girl told us to go to the station\'s FlixBus customer service office.At the customer service office, the representative told us we should take the metro to get back to our hotel.  She did not offer us any money, but told us we should write to Flixbus to demand compensation.  The entire process was tedious and time consuming.It was a long and tiring metro ride, with complicated transfers and long walks in the rain, from Paris Bercy backed to our hotel.  We arrived at the hotel at 22:45, exhausted.  We missed our evening event.We wrote to the email address, as suggested by the customer representative .  After many days, Flixbus replied, asking us to fill out the request online.  More days passed, then we had a Flixbus reply that basically said "sorry it did not work out for you" but offered no compensation.We are very disappointed in our experience with FlixBus.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'It was a nice experience. The drivers were very helpful with the luggage. The only bad thing was that the air conditioning system was on I guess.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': "I travel with the route 601 Göteborg-Uppsala (and back) frequently since the end of August and have never had any problems with Flixbus. For that price I had expected worse, especially considering the reviews I found here. When you look through all these, keep in mind: it's always the gnomes who scream at the top of the web. This is what you need to know: Do you have a limited budget and one day to take you from location A to location B, ride Flixbus. I pay $ 50 to take me from Borås to Norrköping, a trip that could have cost 300 kronor or more, and for someone with student budget it's really nice to have the option. There are about 3-4 buses a day: one in the morning, one in the middle of the day, one in the evening and possibly one at night. The bus will take +/- 5 minutes departure time depending on the day and traffic. Once the bus was delayed to a station, about 20 minutes, and it was due to road work so it was no wonder that the driver reduced the delay to 10 minutes at the next stop. The first time I went with them, a mother complained that the toilet was not working and the driver stayed in the first place he could and fixed the mistake in less than 5 minutes. Can not say they feel cheerful and happy every time but I have probably never experienced bus drivers. I will not lie about the seats, it is very crowded. If you go later than the starting station, you can count on everyone, I repeat ALL, who themselves take up two seats for themselves and do not really understand this by going to municipal. You simply have to star around until someone is ashamed enough to clean the seat next to them. It's never smockful but the bus is filled up well during the journey so take into account all who come in. There are many couples who have to sit separately because some people are too stubborn to move. For the price, it's a sick host trip that goes very fast. If it is advisable that you arrive at a special time and have an important meeting, you may choose something else but for those who would like to save on travel expenses, go for it.", 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'The bus arrived more than 1 hour late causing me to miss a train connection at the arrival destination. When the bus arrived, I asked the driver if I can still make it in time for the train and he said yes. Thus, I boarded the bus. However, it did not reach in time causing me to miss my train.I called the customer service operator and she said I can send an email to obtain a refund for the missed train connection. But I emailed flixbus and have not been able to get any refund. They deny all responsibility even though my missed connection was caused by the late bus. It also took ages for them to respond to my email and required me to send constant reminders to chase for response. Very poor experience.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'It was good service...', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': "I've driven with them once, where the driver drove all too wild. Worse are their marketing methods that are extremely childish. They downgrade blackbill and greenwasher themselves. If you really got into the environment and no more sales, you should just be grateful that the Danes have more options for taking the bus and not the car. But it may be hard to explain your board and branding manager with the mental age of 6 years.", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'it is a nice company. just need few improvements regarding suggestions provided. also please let the driver speak announcements also in English', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Punctual service, comfortable bus, clean.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Quick and easy to book online. Everything works like clockwork. Brilliant drivers who are helpful and professional. Easy to get around the whole of Italy and very well priced. Good value for a great service!', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'There was no internet and no electricity to recharge mobile.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Excellent. A pleasant ride, a modern bus that provides travel comfort, professional staff.', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'Perfect, no weaknesses', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': "I'm an Australian female solo traveller and i've used Flixbus several times on my travels through Europe. I've always felt safe, even on overnighters, and the drivers have always been very competent and very helpful.I'm happy to keep using this company as I continue my journey", 'stars': '5'}
{'review': "The trip was all in all pleasant. The only things that bothered us a little were that the bus departure was delayed, the bus arrived around at least 30 minutes late and it wasn't announced. This affected our whole schedule for the day, we had people waiting for us on arrival to wroclaw and being late created some frictions. Also, the bus driver could have been more helpful :)", 'stars': '4'}
{'review': "My bus was 15 minutes late (plus I was 15 min early like the app 'recommended' freezing outside) and we still arrived 30 minutes late to my destination. The toilet was dirty and there was no toilet paper, and the wifi in the bus didnt even work. Very bad experience", 'stars': '2'}
{'review': "I think it's the best means to travel for a student. Because provide you with all the necessary service and plus they reach on time. Maybe the only thing they could improve upon are to add some night time buses to so that more people can commute throughout the night and visit more places and return back the next morning as fresh as the new sun.", 'stars': '4'}
{'review': "Traveled with 4 children from Copenhagen airport to Aarhus. It soon went wrong - there were in no way seats for half of those who had a ticket. We came along but the rest of the trip was leaving people at all stops. The driver complained and did what he could but ended up getting us so late to Aarhus we could not reach a further bus. Flixbus has, in response to a fairly deliberate complaint, simply answered that they would like to do better next time but accidentally happens. There was neither bad weather nor traffic. What's annoying that it's no longer 888 abildschou who is driving the route. I do not repeat that experience and can only dislike the purchase of tickets at Flixbus", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'My Jorney with FlixBus was absolutely terrible, London Victoria to Antwerpen. The coach was small, no toilet, and only 7 power outlets for the whole coach and no adequate air conditioning. We left half an hour late. Driver was very rude and obnoxious and was very close to getting into a physical fight with another passenger which another passenger and I had to stop. When we arrived at the EuroTunnel passport control the driver refused to let anyone back onto the coach, when we headed for the departure gates we found out that the driver had left two passengers back at the concourse which could have been averted if he had just done a head count, so we had to drive all the way back delaying us even further, even the EuroTunnel staff member said "it\'s always FlixBus that forgets passengers." I found this statement quite shocking as you don\'t know weather those passengers may have a medical condition etc. I\'ve made this journey twice before with MegaBus and the service was fantastic but they\'ve unfortunately sold this route to FlixBus. In my first experience of using FlixBus, I\'d have to say I\'d not dare anyone to use this service or maybe not on this particular route. Never again. Please hand it back over to MegaBus', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'I was looking for a less expensive alternative for traveling through Europe from our "home base" of Budapest and came across Flixbus.  There is plenty of room in the seats and the bus is very comfortable.  I would definitely recommend Flixbus to anyone that wants to travel in comfort at a very reasonable price.', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'I was charged for a ticket which was never issued !!!!!I went through all the procedure, my amex card was charged with the exact amount, however I never got back an e-mail with the ticket number.I have sent an e-mail with complain since a week ago, still no answer.I had to issue a new ticket  with the same card and finally I got a successful e-mail with my booking number 8050370198The return trip from Vienna to Bratislava on the 19/10 supposed to start at 19.30 from Vienna. The bus arrived half an hour later and we had to wait another 30 minutes for the passengers of the next route which was starting at 20,30', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'OK, but internet on the bus did not work, and all announcements were only in French.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Quite good price/performance. Would be better if they had an indication of Flixbus such as a flag at the departure points.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'The wheel fell off in the last half of the Great Belt Bridge so we were delayed for almost 1½ hours and had to change the bus. Never travel with them again. They did not even offer any real form of compensation in addition to a voucher but when one obviously controls the maintenance that the wheels fall off, I do not want to travel with them again. Are there any brakes next time?', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Surprised at how good flixbus was.  Clean busses. Well-presented, professional drivers. Great free wifi. On-time. Fantastic mobile app which allows you to make late changes if the need arrises.', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'Flexibus is much better than travelling by train, economic and really comfortable.', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': "Worst customer service I've ever had.They canceled my trip that was around midnight, only emailed me about it at 10pm, sent me the wrong booking numbers (twice) for my new trip, and ended up realizing that the original trip that was canceled actually wasn't canceled! The thing is, I only found about this last point while on the bus and the bus drivers themselves didn't even know about it. I had a Transatlantic flight to catch the next day so this stuff gave me a surreal amount of stress, so soon before the flight. Because I was scared of missing my flight, I booked a train ticket from Bremen (this is where the Flixbus app said we were going to have a stop) for 70 euros, but we ended up not even stopping in Bremen! So I wasted 70euros because Flixbus couldn't get their facts straight.When I contacted their customer service by phone, they said that I would receive a refund for my trip. However, when I filled in the online form, they told me that since the bus trip had reached its final destination, they could not give me a refund (for both the bus ride and the emergency train ticket I booked). I sent them a few emails and they did not reply. This is the most absurd customer service experience I've ever had and I recommend never using Flixbus ever.", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'The website says "Our buses are equipped with large and comfortable seats, a toilet, WiFi and power outlets." However, on my last and only two Flixbus rides have been on busses without a toilet and without WiFi. If you advertise it as such, it is expected. Also, the last flixbus this morning was in Brussels at 10am with wind speeds of 15mph, and there was no shelter-just a sidewalk. Euroline buses had a heated waiting room. I will try another line for my next trip.', 'stars': '2'}
{'review': 'The travel was OK.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': "Great bus, modern, clean and tidy. Had 0 problem whatsoever. Internet is great, really a luxury on longer trips. Drivers professionals, also no comment. Overall great. 2 downsides, 1 is more of a personal thing.. 1. There was 25min late departure from Maribor, which I didn't appreciate, but it's understandable because on longer distances anything can cause you a delay. The second thing is that I am a taller guy, and therefore I didn't really had enough room for my legs... This was a nuisance from time to time as the bus hit some bumps of holes on the road my knees got hit by the seat in front of me. Otherwise a great experience, would definitely recommend, didn't have any problems with payment or tickets. The mobile app is also helpful.", 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Reasonable price, comfortable ride, easy booking and on time departure/arrival. Recommend for travel', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': "I've been waiting for 55 minutes on Flixbus to arrive. I'm still waiting. We have not received any notice of delay - when I called their support there was one who spoke very unclear and would like to close the conversation quickly. He said the bus would be delayed for 10-15 minutes, but it has been 30 minutes less than 15 minutes and we still have no message or explanation. VERY bad experience.", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'The bus left earlier than scheduled. We arrived 8 minutes before departure and the bus was no where to be seen. They should have left on time! We contacted them but no answered whatsoever. We were stranded at the airport looking for away to our destination. We wasted out time and money.  Very bad service.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "I hope they soon disappear from the circulation. I did not travel so bad even in Mexico with goats and hens. I took a bus from France to Holland. Apart from the old bus with the background seats that after two minutes has broken back, air conditioning not going (the bus was full, mostly hungry deaths that smelt more than Mexican goats and you will understand without airing ...), there are no electrical outlets and Wi-Fi does not work. But the beautiful one arrives when the first bus I download for a change in a car park on the outskirts of Bonn at 5 am, not a shed, a bench, a bar within 5 miles, nothing. They are only with heavy luggage, it's cold, here it rains, I take refuge in a construction site where there is a caterpillar that repairs me a bit from the frozen wind. After a while came drunk immigrants, I'm just a happy moment ... I look like two hours so obviously hurt me. The second bus never arrives, it is late. What to say? Humiliating and offensive experience in addition to theft. Low-cost? Noooo, very high indeed !!", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'For the short trip I took, it was a very good experience.', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': "Hi, read some negative comments about Flixbus and I do not have the same opinion. The bus was very fresh as well as the toilet. The hygiene of the toilet in the bus below which someone wrote most likely is due to passengers, I hardly think the driver can stay on the highway and clean the toilet. The driver was very nice and we arrived in Malmö before schedule. I'm happy and will definitely go again with Flixbus.H", 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'Great cheap and convenient, easy to book. Nice driver who promptly followed the timetable. Clean and fresh on the bus with a functioning toilet. Reading previous comments about the toilet and probably the dirty toilet depends on less civilized passengers and not on the Flixbus or the driver. I have traveled with Flixbus several times and everything was fine in the toilets.', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'Very convenient and easy to use!', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'Totally j **** incredibly bad. Feces on the floor, no wifi, no toilet that works. Have bused in the jungle of Asia who had better service. Have written to customer service but have not received an answer.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'I recommend Flixbus to all', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Very comfortable, punctual and nice conditions.', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'Do not use Flixibus if you are not 100% familiar with the route, and where you will be dropped off. I used the service to get from Vienna to Bratislava. I kept on asking the driver, where will you drop me off, will there be a connection to the downtown area. He was the rudest, most belligerent person I have ever met. I must also add, I was traveling with my 85 year old mother who was walking well for her age but obviously could not run a marathon. I did not hav an option, boarded the bus with my mother, and was virtually kicked out of the bus somewhere in the outskirts of Bratislava with no knowledge on how to get to our hotel. By sheer luck, I decided to board a bus did not know how to pay for the fares but at that moment I did not care, which got us into the downtown area where we did find a cab. Cab driver was just as rude, but we did manage to get to our hotel. What is wrong with people who are working in the service business and are so rude? Do they not need our business?Again, do not use Flexibus if you are not familiar with the drop off area. You will not receive any help to get you to your destination.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Buses are old no tv usb port mobile phone chargıng units no seat numbers People are sitting seperately if you have someone with you and it is your luck if you can sit together noone speaks english driver stopped at fuel station  at total but talked şn French  only we had no ıdea how much time we have it is 10 hour travel but no food drınk coffee etc served free or not no chance for you to drınk anything only the water !!toilets are not good clean flixbus should visit turkey and see how. Bus companies serve well !!', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'I never travel by coach over three hours but recently I traveled from Bonn, Germany to Florence, Italy and due to lack of direct flight I chose to travel with FlixBus. It was a great experience. The coachs were new, clean and comfortable seats with more legroom which are very comfy to sleep. Since my trip was over the night I slept all the way very calmly as if I sleep in my own bed. I 100% raccomand FlixBus.', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'No working toilets on board, no power for chargers and more than 2 hours delay!!!! Awful trip!', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Yesterday tried for the first time. 2 hours after departure time we received a text message that the ride was canceled. In the early morning 2 am waiting for nothing. Forced the train. We had already booked a bus for the return journey and we wanted to give the company another chance. Just received a text message that the bus has a delay of 55 min. Another 2 stars for the sms service for the way back that was on time. Furthermore, no positive experience.', 'stars': '2'}
{'review': 'They are as serious as clowns. No organization at all.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "Me and a friend traveled with you d. 15 and d.20 from and to Berlin from Vejle. There we were 15 min late and home 40 min. We waited for Berlin on the bus for 25 minutes. We did not really know when it was the different places, and the driver in the bus was incomprehensible. That's why we had a real life experience with Flixbus, and therefore did not reach our trains. Besides the delays, the staff were sweet and the trip nice.", 'stars': '2'}
{'review': 'My experience with Flixbus is a case of serious insensitivity and theft of my checked in Bag.Flixbus driver are so ill mannered and your checked in bag with them is at your own risk,you have to make sure you keep getting down at every of their stop to make sure your bags are not stolen even if it is an overnight trip.I boarded a Flixbus from Duisburg to Paris scheduled for 21.45pm on the 21st of September 2017 to arrive Paris the next morning,I checked in two bags after paying for an extra bag which was confirmed by the driver ,the bus in the course of the trip made some multiple stops with passengers getting down in some of the stops,I never bother to come down to check my bag because I was thinking it is their responsibility to secure our respective checked in bags since every passenger had their tags,on getting to Paris in the morning,I discovered that one my two checked in bag has been stolen .I ran to complain to the driver but unfortunately he was very rude and uncooperative,he told me rudely to contact flixbus.I later got in touch with flixbus through instant message on Facebook,they asked me to give them 2 weeks to solve whatever might be the problem.It is almost a month now and nothing have been done.All they did was to send a message that they can not see the bag.The items inside the bag is over 5000 euros.I will never recommend flixbus to anymore and people should use my case as an example.You might end up losing something more valuable.My booking number is 8048149822', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Flixbus is affordable and easy to use, and as such I use it as a comparison tool with the trains throughout Germany. I have used this service five or so times in the last 4 years, and usually have a fine experience. Sometimes the buses are late, but they have gotten better at giving us warnings via email or text message. The seats are fairly comfortable, the cities they drive to are convenient, and they have Wi-Fi on the bus (though to watch movies I would recommend downloading them beforehand). However, I have found the toilets to not be so clean, but are still usable. Overall, I would recommend using Flixbus. I have used it for day and overnight rides, and found both to be fine. I actually slept on the bus as I had 2 seats to myself!', 'stars': '3'}
{'review': "I Have taken Flixbus on numerous occasions now and find them typically to be quite mediocre. The Internet is spotty and sometimes doesn't work at all. One bus the electrical outlets to recharge devices did not work. The drivers are usually only as helpful as necessary and unfriendly. Furthermore, they do not always speak any language other than their native tongue making it extremely challenging to understand information. And people are always jockeying and fighting for position since you do not have reserved seats. All these complaints are somewhat unimportant compared to what we went through this morning. We were stopped at a passport checkpoint and the drivers took off after without giving us passports back immediately only to realize they had the wrong passports from another bus. We then had to turn around yo retrieve our correct passports which put us off route 3 hours causing missed connections and much anxiety. As a traveler, being in a foreign country without your passport due to the drivers, who were entrusted to assure you received the passport back, leaving without them is a nightmare.", 'stars': '3'}
{'review': 'Bus is clean, comfortable with charging ports. Could be better if wifi is unlimited and the signs at the pick up place can be more visible as we had a hard time finding it. Overall it is a good choice for inter state travel in Italy.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Excellent service, cleanliness, staff behavior and ticket price!', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': "Really enjoyed traveling with FlixBus from Ljubljana to Zagreb. Smooth journey, despite traffic jam. I was able to charge my phone on the bus, which proved very useful, after a long day's travel. Very affordable prices and will be using FlixBus again.", 'stars': '5'}
{'review': "Flixbus works as it should. In no way can I deny the recognitions of the different comments from people and get in here (of course, I'm telling you when things are going well - that's what's taken for granted. I know!) I travel regularly from Copenhagen to Aarhus with Flixbus. Has at no time experienced any delays, not getting the bus or the bus has not driven. Once upon a time, having had to change the ticket, it worked without any problem. The trip may be a bit tight due to the usually filled buses, but it is understandable when traveling from one end of the country to the other from 100.00, -Could definitely recommend Flixbus to anyone who wants to travel easily and cheaply !!!", 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'On time and great value for money', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'Very good conditions to travel.', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': "For the most part I liked travelling on Flixbus in the Netherlands. When travelling to and from Groningen it was much cheaper than the train and just as quick or even faster due to a more direct route. On the bus ride up from Amsterdam there was good Wifi and the bus went direct to Groningen. It was on time and not crowded.When I took the 16:05 bus south to Enschede on Oct. 15th, 2017, there was no wifi and the driver got lost twice. In Hengelo, he clearly did not know where the station was as he turned the bus around at one point, driving over a median, as there was no appropriate spot to turn, and then backtracking a ways. Then near the Universite de Twente, he clearly didn't know where he had to stop and so again he had to turn the bus around, this time on some grass. Then he entered the road against a Do not Enter sign, having to do an awkward multi-point turn across 3 lanes. I was happy to finally make it to the Enschede central station, and get off the bus. I'm not sure I'll use Flixbus again.", 'stars': '3'}
{'review': 'We travelled with Flixbus 3 times in the last week. We went from Timişoara to Budapest, Budapest to Bratislava, and Bratislava to the Vienna Aiport. We were really impressed by the cleanliness of the bus and how new they were. The drivers were really friendly and punctual. I would definitely recommend using Flixbus to travel around Central/Eastern Europe because the price is right!', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'I am extremely disappointed about the service of this company. I have been waiting for their response for three months after I sent out the inquiry of ticket refund.My bf and I bought Flixbus ticket from Murter to Zagreb to catch the other Flixbus from Zagreb to Prague. The Croatian driver asked us to put our backpacks down to the bus storage and charged us 7 kuna of each bag, which never happened to us before. What is more, the bus was delayed 40 min so we couldn’t catch the bus back to Prague anymore. End up we could only bought the ticket from Zagreb to Vienna, Vienna to Prague, and we finally arrive Prague at 4am, while I have a very important client to meet up in the morning.Firstly, I wish there is an answer for me: how could the Croatian driver charge my backpack? Does Flixbus company empower drivers around Europe to do so?Flixbus managed to reply after a month that the money will be returned, and that they state it in their AGB, but still 2 motnhs more and nothing happened. I CAN ONLY DISCOURAGE POEPLE FROM USING THIS COMPANY who doesnt give a s.h.i.t about people.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Garbage. No one speaks English. There was no direction as to where the bus would stop. My girlfriend missed her bus because they gave no information about where it would be or which bus it was and they laughed when she asked for a refund..... Even though we arrived 10 minutes early..... Only option I had to get to Croatia and the toilet was out of order. 4 hours and 45 minutes without any use of a toilet. Are we supposed to pee in the corner if we need to use the bathroom?? I went to ask a question and the person working was taking a nap across the seats...... What kind of f*&$ing company is this?! This should not be the most known bus company in Europe because it gives the entire continent a horrible name, and just shows laziness in workers. Seriously, pick it the f$&k up........', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "KASS! NEVER NEVER HAVE THIS SKITENVENDER on a bus that never comes. No information, arrogant customer service, etc. Going to Malmö-Stockholm, right now the bus is 50min late. Do you read what others wrote maybe it's going to go to the train instead.", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "Overall: super clean, punctual and friendly drivers. Small issues: seats aren't that comfortable if you are over 6 feet tall, and the head rests are low and not adjustable, and there are only full-sized power outlets available (we only had USB power cables this trip).In the end: I would definitely use Flixbus again, and I'd plan better for next time :)", 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'I would have a bus Sunday, October 15 at. 17:10. In short, the bus did not come when I called their Hotline: 32729386 and get out of Jonas from there, he could only say "The bus does not come, you can fill out a form on our website and get your money back, or choose to wait for a bus that should arrive at 19:45, then you can choose and take it. "And when he is referred to FLixbus\'s own guidelines, which is on the website with" In case of overbooking or if the carrier is reasonably priced expects a line ** departure to be canceled or delayed for more than 120 minutes, line passengers should immediately be offered the choice between switching the journey at no additional cost "he just answers," I do not know anything about it and I can not do anything for you "so we were 8 passengers there had to be another opportunity to move on.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Great value for money!It is very affordable, clean and has good wifi, departs and arrives on time.', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'Should today (15/10) by bus from Odense S to Copenhagen at 14.20. We were 3 there by bus and arriving at 14.10. There is a bus waiting in advance, but we see no bus running from there at that time. The bus that stays there is a different departure from the bus, so we are waiting for the next bus. The subsequent many buses arriving are also not the ones we are going to join. After 30 min, we call Flixbus, and then get the message that our bus has been in Odense and has been driven. I am opposed to this since we have been there since 14.10! Customer Service indicates that the last check-in at the departure has taken place at 14.08 and the bus must be driven thereafter and he indicates that there must be at least 15 minutes before departure. Seems it is under all criticism that the bus does not wait until the announced departure time if there is anybody missing. This does not happen at the scheduled schedule and people can get stuck in traffic or similar to reach the bus ... On the positive side, however, I was refunded my tickets minus a fee shortly after! So now I have ended a proof of proof for a company that I really do not want to use again and have chosen to use a blackbill home to Copenhagen instead. Have traveled many times with the former red ticket, and never experienced the bus, even if there is 10 minutes before! ..', 'stars': '2'}
{'review': "We bought two tickets for 28 euros from Frankfurt Airport to Mannheim. Overall, the bus did NOT appear and there were more people in our situation. In addition there was no information point or anyone to ask if it was a delay or a cancellation. We had to buy another two tickets because we had no other option. The tickets were for 20:40. Again no bus! Luckily I called the company I found out that a bus would pass at 12 o'clock at night that could pick us up. Although it still arrived at 12:30, 4 hours later than stipulated !! The funniest thing of all is that they say that as they finally took me to my destination they can not make me any refund and that the first bus left its destination at his hour, when we were there himself from half an hour before his departure time. I will never travel with this company again. UN TIMO", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "Every time I have travelled from Berlin, I get very rude drivers who have zero understanding of customer service or even basic manners. Contacted customer support and complained, and they also got rude after I said I wanted to see some follow up on my complaint, to make sure it doesn't just get lost in some statistic.Unfortunately another Berlin startup with the usual attitude. No more.", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Professional service.  Good that there is no additional cost for handling luggage.', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'Easy booking, comfortable coaches and friendly drivers.Great views of the Oresund Bridge!', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'We travelled for the first time. We were afraid after reading few negative reviews in press. We were pleasantly surprised. Bus,departed and arrived exactly on time. It was comfortable ride, no problems whatsoever. We will definitely travel with this company soon.', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': "The bus arrived early. The driver allowed us to stand outside and have a smoke and gave us plenty of notice when we to depart. There were plenty of seats and the bus was clean and tidy.The journey was easy and comfortable.We couldn't ask for more.", 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'First time and enjoyed. On timeWas as I expected. Will come next time.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'I live in Germany, and often travel to other cities. As there are almost no bus companies other than Flixbus, I had to buy a ticket for the Flixbus bus. How many times I went, all the time some delays, or the bus arrives late, or you have to sit on the bus and wait. Last time I left Frankfurt at 20.30. SMS has come, that the bus is 2 hours late. As a result, he was 3 hours late, and we arrived in Cologne at 01.30. I did not have time for the last subway train, and I had to take a taxi, for which I paid more than for the Flixbus ticket itself. So, if you do not want to overpay, do not come close to this company', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Not expensive and comfortable enough', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'Two trips I made in Germany, two that came with an hour late. A shame. And you have no right to claim anything unless it is 2 hours so you can see that they are comfortable leaving an hour and a half late because they know that no one is going to complain.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'The bus came at 20min delay after the departure time. Then one of the bus drivers started to drink a beer. The other driver was checking the reservations. After showing my reservation I was asked to open a passport. I told the driver that the last time no one asked me to open it. Then he told me that "I have a big mouth" and that I am not going with him. I tryed to enter the bus but the driver were beating  me and pushing out, straching my clothes and screaming on me.then he called the police. The police told him to ride and told me to relax and stay on the place. After half en hour speaking with the police the bus driver decided finally to drive. So instead of leaving at 23 :55 we left at 01:15. I was so stoked that I forgot to make a claim on the violence attitude of the driver during police were with the bus. I have seen same strange attitude of flexibus driver who the other day just kiked out a girl from the bus because her friend was late from the store. This time we were as well staying for a half en hour waiting for police to take out someone. It was my second ride with the flix bus and of course the last.it is really dangerous as you never know what can happen. You maybe kiked out of the bus and the driver may beat you.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'It was a good and very comfortable trip from Memmingen airport to Munich)', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'DoubleDecker you´d love to travel with', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'Punctual and great staff', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'Significantly inferior service than at Redbill on all fronts. Can recommend blackbillet.dk instead.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'We had a great trip from Antwerp to Eindhoven. Very professional driver, greeted and seated all passengers, the bus was clean and comfortable. Only minor problem i find with the service is the low allowance of data available on board.', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'Flixbus does not live up to the acquired companies, redbillet or abildskou, compared to delays. Today, from Odense to Copenhagen and the bus, I should have been late for an hour because it came from Germany. Seeing it is cheaper for Flixbus to merge bus routes, but with the delays it becomes more expensive with all the passengers they lose.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Great service, clean bus. It can always happen to be in an unusual or difficult situation. Such as today, extensive works on the highway for tens of km causing bottlenecks (change of gas pipes). Only 7 min delay to destination, due to the skillful driver. I thought it would be a catastrophe but it ended up pretty well and I could make it to an interview on time. Thank you, for the service and the promotional ticket, I will definitely book again. 8049290343', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'I was going by bus from Odense to Aarhus. The charter does not have my name on the list despite the fact that I can show a valid ticket. I do not get the bus. I call their customer service where I get to someone who can neither speak English nor Danish on an understandable level. I end up having to take the train. I am writing a complaint on mail with the desire to get my money back. On the mail they respond to the first message but completely ignore my other message.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'You get $ 100 return from KBH to Aabenraa: An unusable app that does not match the website (showing more flights on the website) is incredibly difficult to book and cancel. Only when I called for service twice succeeded. Unacceptable service impairment - no stop along the way for 1/2 hours longer travel time. I was referred by the driver to use the bus toilet. He regretted it a lot. It is not okay without a stop.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Good conditions, friendly drivers, comfortable buses :)I was really satisfied with the journey, have nothing to complain about. I will travel with Flixbus next time again (and I do travel a lot due to my job!)Michaela', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'i lost my bag and the treatment that i got from your all staff and also from buss driver was unfriendly.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Good n cool ride but the bus stations need to be advertised better.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Good alternative for cheap travel. Almost as good as train travel for a fraction of the price.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Comfortable journey, nice and helpful person. Very cheap :)', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'Horrible experience with them,  travelling from London to Paris, not a single word in English, paid double the price my gf did while booking together and was even forced to spend 9 hours sitting next to a random person. You should let people chose their seats and not a person occupying 2 places by himself. If people are travelling together they would like to sit next to each other. We stoped at the border to check our passports with no information whatsoever with how long we were gonna stay there. Nobody else knew. Horrible experience overall and would not take it anymore nor reccomend it to anyone.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "Driver was good and  and polite and speaks english. Departure place wasn't good, there is afew place to seat internet wasn't perfect but was ok and there is plug under your seat and it was perfect", 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Wonderful ride, comfortable and smooth..... will use this service again.', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'In the bus was smell of toilet', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Today from Ljubljana to Zagreb 6pm(arrival 7.30) driver raised his hand to me when with my child. An examination. Please of the service Flixbus are apparently known for.  I for one will NEVER be travelling with flixbus EVER again. I am disgusted about the general service and know I will never suggest anyone even look at Flixbus as an option. The one terrible experience on an otherwise perfect day. Thanks for tarnishing my great trip with your miserable excuse for staff and no notification for significant delays.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "I was planning to take a bus for a weekend from Krakow to Vienna to visit a friend of mine. I found my bus 15 minutes ahead of time as instructed (despite the station not posting anywhere where it would be - this is likely the fault of the station and not the bus line, and does not factor into this review, though I was at the station an hour early and was just barely able to find the location in time because of this). I waited right outside the bus with my ticket and passport ready, waiting for the driver to start the boarding process, but this never happened - the bus just left with about 2 or 3 passengers who I would guess got there even earlier.I wasn't the only passenger who was left stranded at the station, there was another group who was supposed to get on the same bus and was left behind by this driver.In my experience, the bus driver should have been waiting outside the bus from at least twenty minutes before departure and not go back inside until the scheduled departure time. Every other bus I've taken from other companies followed this procedure, but I guess this driver didn't get the memo.", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'FLIXBUS the most unreliable bus company. DO NOT USE THEM. Booked a return journey from Geneva to Annecy in France October 2017. Bus on the outward leg did not arrive on time, waited for over 1/2 hour and it still had not arrived and was forced to buy another ticket from another bus company, did receive 2 emails from "John " the driver explaining that due to heavy traffic the bus would be approximately 90 minutes late, don\'t really understand that it didn\'t affect the other bus operators, contacted FlixBus re a refund but wouldn\'t you know no reply from them. Then on the return journey the bus did not arrive and again same email from "John " the driver stating the same message, very very poor service would advise anyone thinking of booking with them to find a more reliable and reputable company, I certainly would not be using them again.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'One hour and half delay without any information. Noone is able to answer for calling.Th worst company ever. If you will have some diferent choice take it.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'I went from Milan - Bergamo to Genova, it was nice ride, the bus came in Milan on time, but to Genova about 40 minutes later. But it was nice, comfortable and I really recommend this bus to you.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Worst experiences. I paid $60 for 2 person, after waiting for about 2 hours with another 20+ passengers, one passengers whom can speak German called Flixbus Hotline, and was told the bus was already there earlier and left, everybody knew that was lie as some of us were there 3 hours earlier before departure, we checked every single buses 1-3 hours before departure, it not possible to missed.A lot of us got upset and decided to ask for a refund, we emailed to get a refund and only to get a reply a week later and was told 50% of the fare will be refunded in "Voucher"! First, why would I want to travel with this untrustworthy, unreliable company again? Second, the bus was not late, but NEVER COME, meaning we paid for the service and the service was NEVER delivered! We requested for FULL REFUND, and now still waiting for their reply.What happened to the rest of the money I paid? They just take it for granted, this is SCAM.I urged everyone write your experienced here to warn everyone.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'We paid for the tickets and the bus did not come. There were 20 other people in the same situation. We asked other flix-buses going to the same destination to take us but they refused. We called the hotline and they said the bus departed on time, which is not true because none of the 20 people saw the bus. I wrote to flixbus and they just sent a floppy email saying that "sorry you could not catch the bus" with a voucher for 50% of the price we paid. We lost one day of holiday and our money was not reimbursed. This company should not have licence to operate.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "Incredibly poor service! All drivers are very arrogant, indifferent and unhelpful. You do not get information about where one's bus stops, and you should not expect Flixbus staff to be helpful. They seem to be just annoyed every time a customer asks for help finding the right bus. In addition, the buses have been delayed each time. We ordered the tickets a long time ago, but in the future we will definitely choose alternative providers.", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "Bus arrival delays with incrementally extended boarding time at 15 mins blocks until it reaches 105min. This resulted in reaching destination over 2 hours late with no apparent cause of concern from the company. Customers are clearly not valued. Another trip saw my bus canceled without adequate notice. Customers were stranded and next best option offered doubled the journey time. It was seen as the customer's fault for not checking email while on the road. This company does not treat its customers fairly.", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Awful delays on Vienna - Zagreb and Zagreb - Vienna. Inexperienced (and probably underpaid) drivers who get lost on the way. Cheap tickets do not justify such poor service!! Would go with another bus company, if only Flixbus did not squeeze them all out of the market. Shameful!', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'On time, prompt service from drivers, reliability, comfort up to expected standards. I recommend it!', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': "My first trip with Flixbus / Abildskou between Aarhus and Berlin is actually quite good! Great drivers and above all responsible driving all the way! On the other hand, I'm not impressed with Wi-Fi on the bus! When Flixbus was called Abildskou there was no problem - and there was also coffee for work! It's not there today! I could barely get / read emails, surf the web or listen to music! As I mentioned above, Flixbus has insisted on a cheaper and worse network reception for financial reasons, I think it is a tough attitude towards the subcontractor Abildskou, who makes their buses available. Nevertheless, I would recommend everyone to use Flixbus - but only on the departures that Abildskou runs (Aarhus at 8 or Berlin at 9 o'clock). Here you get class service, good buses and just a pleasant trip! PS! Notice when you arrive at the Autobahn 24 between Hamburg and Berlin, how nice the Danish Flixbus is driving in. The German Flixbuses, which often travel too fast on the highway. Four Flixbuses exceeded us!", 'stars': '3'}
{'review': 'Convenient price and well oriented drivers , but bad wifi onboard', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': "Although the internet service was unreliable and frustrating to use, the customer service by the driver was excellent and the coach fairly comfortable (lots of leg room, but not great storage for hand luggage). The bathroom also smelled bad including where I was sitting nearby. If I had paid a lot for the trip I would have been disappointed, but for the cheap cost of the ticket I wasn't expecting too much luxury. I would still recommend the service and will be using it again myself.", 'stars': '3'}
{'review': 'I am satisfied with this company. Thank you!', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': "It's impossible to get in touch with a human being in Denmark. When you call, you probably get a fairly Danish speaking person, but the service is at zero, you are simply referred to their website and you can not deliver one suitcase that has been wrong with home. It is very frustrating not to be able to contact an office in Denmark. It will be enough DSB or black ticket ahead", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Flixbus on my way. My daughter had a ticket from Odense to Copenhagen on Sunday, October 1, between 21:30 and 22:00 from Odense Syd. The bus arrived on time and my daughter walked in with good faith that time for departure from Odense and bus matched, and that was why it was the right bus. It turned out that the bus drove to the motorway exit as expected, but towards Århus instead of Copenhagen. No clear signs on the bus marked the destination, and the driver did not even know about the destination, or that two buses would depart in either direction at the same time from Odense, either on board or as a service announcement to anyone before departure. My daughter had to get off at Fredericia at Fredericia South, take a taxi to Fredericia St.. and solve a ticket with DSB to Copenhagen. The taxi driver in Fredericia informed her that it was not the first time he had experienced having to drive passengers from the drive to Fredericia St. because in good faith they had gone on Flixbus in the wrong direction. All in all, a great pleasure for my daughter to use Flixbus due to lack of regular service from Flixbus, who would not have cost Flixbus anything, but cost my daughter 10 times as much as the flixbus ticket.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Enjoyed the way and the condition of the bus.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Do not use Flixbus. We used it twice. Both times the bus came late and neither times we were informed about the delay. We tried calling their semi-existing customer service but could not reach anyone. I will never take it again and recommend you never use it for your trip. FlixBus Booking Confirmation #8044428713', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Very Good and Comfortable', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'My trip back and forth to Lübeck from Kbh 23 and 30 September were both delayed. On the way there we were delayed by over an hour and on our way home for an impressive 3 hours. We first told us about the card before our return, so we stood in the cold in Lübeck and waited for 3 hours without a message as to why we were so late. So we ended up coming home at 24 instead of 21. Miserable service, will never recommend or use flixbus again.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Everything was great. Bus came on time. Internet was good. Seats were comfortable. All was good', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'Let me tell you, the trip was a debacle. Our bus crashed into the back of a car on the autobahn, so we spent quite a while on the side of the highway whilst the cops came and sorted it out. During the entire crash process and aftermath, not a word was spoken to the passengers to tell us what was going on. The drivers completely ignored us and acted as though this was totally normal. As far as I know, the bus drivers didn\'t speak Danish, English, or German, I only ever heard them speak in another language that I didn\'t recognize.The driver seemed to want to compensate for the delay caused by the crash, by speeding to speeds that no bus should go, and overtaking everything in his path, which was pretty terrifying. I couldn\'t actually see the driver\'s speedo gauge to say for sure, but I could swear that we were driving over the legal speed limits at times, on parts of the trip with 100kmph limits.We nearly crashed at least two more times because our driver tried to just merge into the side of cars on the autobahn instead of waiting for a gap big enough for the bus. The bus had zero Wifi access, but at least the bus had plugs for charging. There was a toilet on board, but when I went to use it (about 3 hrs into a 12 hr ride) the floor was a pool of urine. I\'m not talking a little dribble here, I\'m talking a pool, where there was no dry space on the floor to step in order to avoid it. I\'m not sure if that was due to the toilet not being cleaned when it was meant to be, or if it was just due to the men on board not being able to aim properly. Either way, getting wee all over my shoes wasn\'t terribly fun.I honestly thought that I might die on that bus ride due to the maniacal driving, which isn\'t really what you want your customer\'s experience to be, and you certainly wouldn\'t want them spreading that to others via word of mouth."Oh mate, how was your bus ride?" "I nearly died and now my shoes are covered in wees!"Two thumbs down, and safe to say that I cancelled my return trip. What do we say to the god of death? Not today, Flixbus.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Comfortable, punctual, wifi on board.', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'Horrible experience from Munich to Zagreb. Drivers refused to help older people with their luggage - they HAD to  do it by themselves. The storage was extremely high so it was very difficult for older people to do it.The WC was closed, so we had to stop many times..... It was like ...."this is my bus so I can do as I please."What kind of people are you employing? Looking for the ruddest ones? Not a good experience, and for me THE LAST TIME WITH YOUR COMPANY!', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'I took Flixbus bus for a trip to Italy up to the Alps from Venice airport.After my long flight from Los Angeles I was very pleased to find easily the bus.The service  was excellent!I could easily book it  on line in the USA before my trip. The price was also excellent. I was a little apprehensive because I never heard of that company, but they were there on time. The bus a double decker super nice, the drivers very friendly and helpful. After scanning my QR code on my phone it took me to destination in no time. Very smooth drive on those windy small routes in the Italian Alps.I was at destination in no time and I was able to use a very strong  free WIFI offered on board all the way to my destination. I would recommend it to anyone traveling in Europe ! 5 *****', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'Please see my individual remarks about the lack of driver announcements, the lack of space for carry on luggage, and the manner in which stowed luggage was organized.  The driver provided no assistance with unloading and unloading of stowed luggage.I was annoyed with passengers who used their cell phones on the bus.  I am accustomed in other countries to being told not to use cell phones on board because it disturbs other passengers.  The woman in front of me used her cell phone for long conversations which made if difficult for me to concentrate of reading.', 'stars': '3'}
{'review': 'No problems encountered. Booked easily on line. Travelled in a clean bus and right to the doors at departures. Thank you Flixbus.', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'it was a nice and comfortable trip.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': "I am always using only FLIXBUS, because i feel calmly with professional team. Sometimes it's late 10 to 50 minutes, but i think its normal. Also, i hope i will use the internet in the future better.", 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Travelling from Dresden to Berlin, today. I have just got on the bus, and it is not going to set off for another 45 minutes! I am meant to have been travelling for the past half an hour. As such the delay is at least 1h 15m, and I am not massively hopeful that the 45 minute estimate is going to hold either. I arrived 15 min before the departure time as requested by Flixbus, in this period two flixbuses to Berlin have set off which had empty seats. The staff at the stop were not helpful as they continuously said just to wait, and then even refused to tell what time the bus will arrive in Berlin. There was no apology or explanation. I have a business meeting at 4.30 in Berlin, which I am now going to miss. I had a choice between travelling by car using blablacar or by flixbus.The price was identical. I thought travelling with a proper company would be a better option. I obviously made a wrong choice.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'The night tripp to Berlin was very good, I had no problems and I could sleep just fine without waking up.', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'I took the Bus N71 from Brussels to Münster which was supposed to arrive in Brussels at 1:35 in the morning. I had already gotten a message in the evening that the bus would be 2 hours late. But during the night messages kept coming saying the bus has more delays, finally adding up to more than 6 hours!! Once the bus fell ballt arrived in Brussels the drivers were extremely rude and kept cussing in polish at passengers. Obviously people were mad for having to wait for 6 hours in the next geht outside in the cold, and the drivers answered to complain to flixbus but that nobody there cared anyways about complaints. Super unnecessary reaction to being 6 hours late. And when asked why they were late they ignored us, but the flixbus employee st the station said it was a flat tire apparently. Somebody explain to me how changing a tire takes 6 hours?', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': '3 trips, 3 poor experiences: - twice buses were 1-2 hours late (and badly signed when they did arrive);- my third experience was a trip booked two weeks ago for today, which flixbus cancelled less than 24 hours before the trip, I suspect as they didn\'t have enough bookings to make it profitable. They "re-routed" me on a bus which took an extra 5 hours and left 3 hours earlier - which I had no way of making. When I called, they said they could only offer a voucher!! It was flixbus who failed to provide the item, this should be an automatic refund, not a voucher!! It cost me 3 times as much to make the journey by rail and involved 6 trains.In short, the app\'s good but that\'s it - I will NEVER use them again, it\'s just too unreliable.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'If you are going to travel and you are not decided. Choose Flixbus!', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'I enjoyed the trip and it was functional. Pity about the internet connection.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Nice driver and good at driving (soft).', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'A couple of days ago I was helping my cousin to get into the bus to Germany at the Victoria Coach station. She had her leg injured and bandaged. The downstairs area was empty except two girls sitting there. The driver said to my cousin: "upstairs". When she tried to explain about the leg and asked if she could sit downstairs, the driver got mad, shouted: "up or out", jumped out of the bus, pushed me (I tried to record his behaviour on my phone) and shouted to the other driver: "throw her luggage out". He yelled to her: "you are not going by this bus", when she questioned why, he answered: "because this is my bus". He pushed me again as I was trying to record, I called the police as this was clearly assault but before police arrived, my cousin\'s luggage was thrown out of the bus and the bus left to Germany. My cousin was left with the valid ticket, crying, vulnerable, in a terrible state. We both complained to the company, a lady called "Silke from Flixbus" answered that she can not talk to me because I am not their passenger and to my cousin that she should ask the passengers to switch seats (she ignored the fact that my cousin was not even allowed into the bus because she dared to ask if she can sit downstairs). So, the customer service does not work either. I also raised the issue of safety - one of the drivers looked like he was on something!!!. The only hope is the police who is investigating the assault and the media - my cousin is going to inform the media in Germany. Very scary experience!!! Very shocking response from their customer service!!!', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'perfectly in time :) friendly driver and comfortable bus!', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'This is the best value price connecting the whole EU', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': "I missed my bus and lost 10 euros even although I was on time. I payed for another ticket and the bus was delayed by 45 minutes and the bus didn't have a sign therefore I had to ask about it. The ticket man was very annoying.", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Had ordered a Flixbus to Berlin from Prague, departing at 01:00 at night. Ten minutes before departure, I received an SMS stating that the bus was delayed for one and a half hours. How such information first comes to the 20+ passengers who had to leave, it is difficult to answer - one could wish for the bus company to have taken more care of the passengers who should now stand and wait another half hour in the middle of the night in the cold, but apparently not the case. Customer service was also unavailable - even after sitting in line on the phone for over half an hour, which also seems unbelievable, given that it was in the middle of the night. Also, no SMS was sent, as it turned out that the bus was delayed for another hour, thus ending with a total of two and a half hours. Incredible enterprise. Had to keep my future hopes of coming to Copenhagen fairly cheap when I heard that they took over bus companies in Denmark because I could never ever try to put my money back into this company.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Excellent buses, clean and punctual. We had not good experience diue to unprofessional behaviour from driver otherwise it could have been just a perfect travel. Management should place a suggestion and compliant box in the bus which can only be open by someone other than driver or bus crew.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'My bus for the connection Prague-Liberec did not show up at all. After waiting for an hour I decided to take a different bus with a competitor. Later that day I contacted their customer service site and just received their response with a link to the most frequently asked questions. Seriously? Seriously, my request to the customer service was a refund of my money after their failure to fulfill a contract to deliver a service. I have completed several trips with this company and my biggest issue is that their busses are often late, sometimes very late, even several hours. My second issue is that the customer serivice is non-existent. I am done with this company.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Comfortable, pretty quick and super easy to book online', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'It was a good first experience with FlixBus. I would surely take it again when I travel to Europe and recommend for my fiends.', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'Never have I experienced such poor service. Will recommend Sortbillet.dk every time (and more drivers will also like that too)', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "It's the first time I took the Flixbus. In general, the service of the company are at par with the services you get from train. Of course, the time travel is another matter and cannot be compared with either the fast train and air travel. For the price and the services, it's the most you can have. I don't know how it could be resolved by the bus companies such as Flixbus but maybe they could think of better ways to provide more comfortable travel. It's not easy to sit a 12-14 hour travel. At one point, the seats were too sliding that you can't really stay seated properly without slipping so it's really impossible to get a good sleep. Couldn't Flixbus offer a bed (sleeper-bus or cabin/pods) facility for a night trip?", 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'The travel is very happy. It has a comfortable environment. But the wifi is really bad.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Some delay on start but a great experience.', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'Everything was perfect with the Bus ,the driver etc. But finding the bus stop in Paris la Defense was  a  real nightmare .Got on the bus in the last second after looking for the bus stop for 25 min. No signs anywhere,turned out to be in underground car park which had the entrance closed from the top,so you have to run around like lunatic on car roads to get there.', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'Clean, tidy, comfortable, inexpensive, friendly, punctual....Need I go on? I am so pleased to have discovered FlixBus. As of now I am a regular.', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'Thanks for the save, cheap,  and comfortable journey.  I would like to make it again with the same price and period of travelling time.', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': "Worst bus back from Amsterdam to London, driver apologised as we watched others boarding luxury coaches.Had to wait HOURS at customs and kept getting told we might miss train to uk and have extra 2.5 hours added - we managed because someone got left in customs. Got from A to B but find another provider, if too many people book they just hire really poor coaches for horrible uncomfortable overnight trips.Also complained and got blandest email back saying 'Sorry to hear that we did not reach your expectations regarding your last trip with FlixBus. Therefore, please, do accept our apologies.'Refund me that leg of the journey! Really poor.", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'As expected. I booked a trip with stops, 9 in total, too many now that I think about it. Otherwise, bus is clean, chairs recline, outlet st every seat to plug electronics, and air. Carry a neck pillow or you will not be able to sleep!', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Very good company, easy to buy tickets and very relaxing trip. The only drawback is that the bus had a short space for legs and also for hand-luggage.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': "It was a comfort trip, time-schedule was accurate, wifi was good. The driver did not know English so since I'm not a German it was quite difficult to communicate", 'stars': '4'}
{'review': "Terrible lost baggage policies!! The bus left with my baggage still on board, so I was really in big trouble. First of all, there was no local Flixbus customer service in London. I had to call a German telephone number from the UK. On the phone, I was told to fill in an online form that would be replied within... 30 days!!!! Can you believe it? This was a very URGENT matter.  I was told the bus was still in London, so it could have been perfectly possible for me to pick up my baggage. Nevertheless, nobody wanted to give the phone number of the bus driver. Even when I asked that the bus driver would leave my baggage in the 'lost and found' department in London, the customer service told me that that would not be possible. Instead, they let me know that my baggage would travel to... Germany!!! I did not travel to or from Germany. When I called again, I said that I would hold Flixbus responsible if my baggage would get lost or stolen. In response, the customer service just hung up the phone!! Unbelievable. Until today, I still did not receive any message from them...", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "I had a very bad experience traveling from Copenhagen to Aarhus. The seats are horrible, and there is so little space around you, it's awful! When i tried to stand up for a moment, the driver called on the com, that I was not allowed to stand and had to sit down again.I would really not want to take a bus-ride like this for a long distance travel.", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "We got 40 minutes late. So you can not recommend signing in with such an unprofessional company. Stay away, it's just before considering DSB.", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Very late ! Was traveling from Antwerp to London. Took us 13 hours instead of 7...', 'stars': '2'}
{'review': 'Very bad experience with Flixbus. Impossible to bring a snowboard as a check-in luggage in the bus. Information impossible to get on their website. One has to call their call center 24h before departure to know this. It took 6 months to be partially refunded. I will never take this company again.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "The first and last time I use your service. My destination was from Frankfurt to Heidelberg. First the bus arrived after 35 minutes late to take us. But the most shocking that when returning to Frankfurt the bus was delayed by more than 2 hours. When a bus from Berlin arrived he informed us that we still have to wait. And since it's cold I decided to take the train back.I sent an email for customer service in which I asked to recover my money because of this bad service. But he replied that the bus was on time and there is no delay, although I received a text message from them informing me that the bus will be delayed by one hour and 20 minutes.Svp be honest even with your customers and the least thing is to give at least an excuse.", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Cheap on time and fast. Wifi and snacks the only thing they lacked was plugs to charge my phone', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'Very modern and comfortable coach, always on time. Good price, great service. The best way to get from Vienna to the airport in Bratislava.', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'Suddenly they changed the rules and now the instruments are not allowed up in the bus. I travel so many times with my instrument and was never a problem...And I am talking about a violin which is allowed IN the plane for example, as a hand luggage. Also to be able to leave it in the luggage room I had to pay an extra tax... what if something happens and my instrument is broken? We are talking about thousands of euro. Bad experience. Never again.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'excellent service', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'nice, with a little delay', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'by far the best way to travel in Europe, Its the cheapest and very reliable.', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'After booking my trip, I was a little worried after having read some very bad reviews. But have to say that I was very satisfied. We went to Århus Saturday morning and returned in the early afternoon Sunday. I was travelling with my 9-year old and was very glad to be offered front row seats. Chauffeurs both ways were nice and bus were on schedule. I have no complaints and would not hesitate to do this again.', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'The bus driver did not pick me up on 16.09 at 9:10 from Roermond. After 2 h arguing via phone I got my trip rebooked to 7 pm ( instead of 9 am!!). as a result i arrived with 12 h delay at night in a city where i v never been  and i missed all arrangements for the day.But the best part was the communication with the call center. first they told me that the bus comes in 10 minutes, it s probably late,  but there is something strange with it and  i have to call back if it does not arrive in 10 min. after 15 min i called again and i was told that  the bus completely disappeared from the system and  they need to call central service to ask whats wrong with it and they will call me back. no call of course.i call again and the story repeats.i haven t received any call back twice!! sorry but this is just aweful cheating.i could have booked another trip in the meanwhile instead of standing 2 h waiting for something that will never happen.why dont you just tell the truth??? that the stupid driver just decided not to make an extra effort picking up one person ?? or he decided to cover his delay buy skipping some stops?? and dont tell me that i was late or i was standing at a wrong stop..sorry i don t buy this bullshitt.i called 9:12 because i havent seen any bus in last 15 min and it was 2 min overtime already.i also confirmed that there is only one stop and i m standing in a right place.all my four calls should be recorded.dear flix bus workers you are doing your job really bad.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Firstly, Flixbus has very high ambitions, but very poor services. When you buy tickets, you are not asigned a seat number, which means that if you are traveling with somebody, you will most probably sit separately. Maybe you will not be seated at all, because they sometimes sell more tickets than the seats available in the bus- it happened yesterday in Vienna. Staff is unfriendly, swearing at people, they do not speak english most of the time. When we were traveling to Croatia, we had to pass borders with Slovenia. The problem was, there were two guys, that were most probably refugees without traveling documents- they let them in the bus anyway. So we were waiting for hours on borders because of them. We almost didn´t make it on time for our next bus. Wi-Fi on the bus is another big scam, because you can´t do anything with it, most pages are blocked. I will not even talk about delays, it is catastrophic. I traveled with Flixbus few times, but I will not travel with them again, unles they improve their services significantly.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "I have to communicate the situation of 20 people yesterday.The bus ( from Munich to Frankfurt) was very late and people at information' s office (there was a man at 9 o'clock) of MUNICH CENTRAL STATION in the busfloor were very rude with us and unhelpful for us. We lost the bus because the instructions were erroneous and buserdrivers very rude too. We were 10 hours waiting the next bus. VERY UNHAPPY.You should consider our bad experience with the rude personal. I think that we won't repeat more with the Flixbus' company.", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "It's been more than a year for me to travel with flixbus, and I have to say that I find the service much worse. It is undoubtedly dependent on the country where you take it (traveling a lot around Europe), but in the past two months I happened to do 6 trains between Italy and Denmark, stopping here and there, at different times and good or bad the experience was always the same. Leaving the bathroom hygiene, that probably depends on who is at the moment at that time, and which however also depends on the fact that there are always a lot of people on the bus some of whom behave like barbarians, I must say that on some things you can fly over. 1) Punctuality. I understand very well that you are traveling by land, traffic etc, but it would be desirable that the driver WARNED during the delay, how late it is and if it increases, say to the microphone. The last 5 trips I had between 45 minutes to 3 and it passes late, without anyone warning us of anything. 2) Stops. It seems to me that the stops depend on the driver and the number of hours he drives. It is unthinkable to face an 11-hour journey, which with the delay become 14 and not to stop unless you bring people down. Good that it is late, it's good that drivers do not need it because they give the gear in half But there are also passengers, and so many make long distances (as in my case the famous 11/14 hours, but I was not alone). 3) The methods of communication. Maybe it's my limit, but I do not know all European languages. When the driver says something to the microphone, he could make a small summary in English. Repeat maybe my limit, but in Germany the communications were in German and only in German, in Italy only in Italian, in France only in French and I think of all the poor passengers who do not speak the language of the place from which they left the flixbus.4) The organization. Maybe it's a bit general as an affirmation, but the organization leaves it to be desired. Starting from: landing at the destination and having to climb yourself to retrieve luggage in the hold (do not ask where the drivers are, I do not know); you get to a destination but you do not know what it is because the driver does not declare it and with delay you do not know if your destination is yours or a stop before or after; during a trip I'm NOT LOOKING, to some one there seemed to be more passengers than there !! Or anyway more passengers than they should be. PANIC for good 20 minutes, stand in the middle of nowhere to figure out that it happened. Conclusion as tight as sardines we continued the journey until the stop after where someone went down. I think flixbus is a great idea and could offer a great service. at the beginning it certainly was so. But now take one, it means getting boarded hoping to go for the best and leave at least two or three hours in advance because the delay has become chronic. A real shame.", 'stars': '2'}
{'review': 'Flixbus...friendly, clean and comfortable', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'It was good trip. Thanks)', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': "The flixbus is very comfortable and safe. I'll recommend this bus to my friends.", 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'It is then a world unlike Redbillet to drive with Flixbus. I have been driving Flixbus a couple of times and each time with delay. When I went on Friday with Flixbus from Copenhagen to Randers, the trip was scheduled to last 4 hours and 55 minutes. Red car took normally 5 hours. Flixbus drove from DGI city on time, but before all passengers in Copenhagen had picked up, the bus was delayed and when we reached Frederica the bus was delayed 50 minutes. There were 3 driver changes before reaching Randers, which also did not reduce travel time. Drivers who felt the pressure of the delay and more traffic accidents on the highway drove a bit and forced to detract to avoid traffic jams. It did not seem as well thought out as one of the drivers suddenly turned out at high speed. A little uncomfortable. The journey from Copenhagen to Randers came to last 6 hours and 10 minutes. A journey where, as with Redbillet, there is no one-stop break where passengers had the opportunity to stretch their legs and get to the toilet. Why can not this be the case with Flixbus? Ok, you can use the toilet in the bus, but here is a bad room, there was no toilet paper, no soap and only the same towel everyone could use. When we reached Randers we were unable to drive to the destination of the bus because of cycling but was put in another place in the city. This was not reported on the bus, so only those who were asked to ask the driver knew about this outlet. It caused a little confusion and I had to take what I did not take into my calculation. I also experienced when, before my trip, I would change my ticket that it should first be canceled, which cost a fee of 10 kr. You have to think before purchasing a ticket with Flixbus. It can quickly become expensive if you want to make changes. At the same time you should have good time, great patience and not have too many appointments the same day. There is a difference between the quality and service of Redbillet and Flixbus, and I can not recommend the bus. Do not hope they survive, unless they are willing to change their concept.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Need to manage luggage stowage rather than leave to passengers.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': "Hi everyone. I just want to let people know the way Flixbus is serving it's customers.I bought my ticket from Lviv to Berlin around 1,5 months before my trip, everything was planned.Then 4 days before departure FlixBus said my ticket is cancelled (!) and booked me a similar one, but 14 hours later and with much longer route (!)I had to deal with that... But I couldn't even think that they gonna cancel the new ticket as well (!) TREE HOURS before departure (!) Then FlixBus rebooked me for next day and cancelled again! (!) Of course I stopped trusting them and went on my trip with another companyBut then they were still rebooking me something even after I cancelled my ticket!And on the top of this story comes the fact, that my kind-of-voucher is gone somewhere... (!)And now - 7 days of silence since I've wrote them my first complaining. No trip, no money, no voucher. Only headache, being late and paying big price for my ticket by another company, cause I was buying it right before departure!Whom do you take your customers for???#flixbus", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Great adventure, easy to catch, very clean, free wifi', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'I have given this company a chance couple of times. And I must say I have always been disappointed. If you can afford alternatives, consider something else.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Cheap, fast and friendly. The only downside that the bus I had booked got cancelled at the last minute. But, I was rebooked on a later bus automatically (I got an email notification) and was only delayed by one hour (however, this was late at night... still a bit worrying for a woman travelling alone)', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'it was a very good experience with a flixbus', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'Ridiculous customer service. Bus in Prague left our family behind as they were waiting at wrong spot: nothing provided in tickets. 4 calls to call center in Berlin and 4 different feedbacks. Finally I have booked 2 new tickets for the next day for CZK 1199 and CZK 999. Flixbus refused to return money. NEVER AGAIN with Flixbus!', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "Flixbus is a scarce service, of course. However, the low price does not justify the constant humiliation that customers must undergo each deal. It's not always possible to hope for the good thing to have what the service promises to offer: punctuality (the last flix I took from brussels to paris was an hour and 15 late!), Wifi, took. All these services are not guaranteed, albeit reported at the time of purchase of the ticket. Offering a low cost service and most of the routes do not authorize you to treat the customer, which should be the core, as a piece of the seat. Even low cost requires respect!", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Excellent service.', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'My boyfriend and I have been waiting for more than 2 months to get our money. How did that happen? We were happy back in February, booked four tickets at Abildskou from Aarhus to Hamburg for our vacation in July. During the spring, Flixbus Abildskou will take over. There is nothing in the way of it. Until ... My girlfriend is a little worried about the days up to the holiday because of the great holiday traffic in Germany so she persuades me to call Flixbus to hear their opinion about the traffic conditions - after all, they must have the experience and know if we can expect to be delayed when we are going to fly on a flight from Hamburg. I get their "customer service" and give us our booking number, which they say "that number does not exist". But, I say, I\'m sitting and reading high directly from the mail I received with the following booking number ... "It does not matter because our booking numbers start with 81XXX" and if I\'m reading right ?? Okay, lady, listen right here. I have received an email and it is quite clear that the booking number is YYY. "Nayyyyhhh, that\'s probably because, Abildskou used numbers other than us. Let me just look up ... "Hmmm. Thus, after 7-8 minutes of conversation, we arrive at the fact that we have probably booked a trip for 4 people from Aarhus to Hamburg on 8 July. Then the bomb bursts. The very insistent service team, who will be right, tells me that they are not driving to Hamburg on the day we have booked tickets. What ?! I ask why they have not contacted us and informed us this? They can not just cancel a trip without giving notice, to which I am told that "I could only have called and asked!" Sorry, what please? !! From there, it only goes down the hill ... After gaining all my willpower for not responding again to the inconvenience, I try to get the person who should service, to suggest alternatives and hear about solutions - we must place in 1 day and have to fly ... However, there is no help getting over the next 20 minutes in the phone. We are informed that we can return our money, but must apply for it on their website (we have cancellation insurance) - as the service person will not send us a link. We must try to find ourselves. The day ends with the fact that we send a money-back application to Flixbus, booked DSB tickets to Hamburg, go on holiday and forget about Flixbus for a couple of weeks. But ... Back in Denmark while enjoying the holiday memories, it comes to us that we have certainly not received our money from Flixbus. We therefore contact them on the phone. This is the second time we experience the most unnecessary service person we have ever experienced. The person "can" first finds no information on us and he has never heard that you can get money back. However, after patiently explaining to him all of our history, he finds out for a long time (one block later) that our case is at their economics department. We ask if he would be kind to look at how far the matter is with them? But he can "really not help us," he is not employed in their finance department, right? We can call them and hear if we want to know more. "Ok. Can you give us the number to the finance department? "No, I have not. You can google if you want to talk to them. "Deep breathing ... We find (yourself!) An email to the finance department and write to them to hear what the status is. After a few mail correspondence back and forth, we are told that "Flixbus is happy to inform us that we can get a Voucher (proof of payment) that we need within a year in their buses." It was right here, I detonated the first time. We have bought a trip they can not deliver. They cancel and not inform us about it. Only by chance we find ourselves out of it. We are promised to get the money back from their "service employee". We have even bought cancellation insurance, so there should be nothing at all about ... My dear girlfriend, however, is able to keep me calm so that we are writing back to Flixbus that this is in no way satisfactory and explains the above. Then comes the next Slavic mail correspondence, where Flixbus returns to us by mail (like 1-2 weeks of response) to get more "information required" such as booking number, bank account, travel information, etc. Long after long, we receive the following "" We\'re now going to refund the amount of $ 1,119.15 within several working days. "" Several "will last, after one week we receive 887 kr. It\'s now a month ago! Where are the last 232 kr., We should have returned?!?! We have contacted again, but they "just regret the inconvenience" ... My advice is therefore - do not use Flixbus! They cheat and cheat until people give up. Ms. Peter', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Great communication with the driver! The prices are really good!', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'Hello,I would like to inform you about some issues we had with Flixbus on 08 th and 9 thSeptember 2017. Our names are Claudio P. and Mariangela C.On 8 th September, we were standing at the Flixbus stop in Rotterdam (bookingno. 8.....9) when we received an email informing that the bus was 3 hourslate. We, like the other passengers waiting for the same bus, read this email only45 minutes later as we didn’t have internet access. Maybe through a textmessage would have been better. We then bought 2 train tickets for Eindhovenspending € 38 extra. Just so you know, we didn’t receive any kind of assistance,any emails offering a refund. According to your terms and conditions, we shouldbe entitled to be refunded in full.The following day at 9.35 we took the bus 080 riding from Eindhoven to London(return tickets 8....5) scheduled for 9.20 am. After 10 minutes, the buswas stopped for the driver changeover. The real problems begin from here. Afterleaving Eindhoven, the bus started to release a foul-smelling. Some passengerscomplained and the driver explained us his colleague didn’t empty the tank; wecouldn’t use the toilet for the entire journey. Ok, it’s a low- cost service, but atleast you can prevent your customers from getting sick.We were approaching Antwerp and the driver complained the GPS didn’t work.He didn’t know how to reach Antwerp bus station; the navigation system kept onleading him to the wrong direction. People tried to communicate with the driverbut he could speak only French. Just a quick remark, the GPS was setting toDutch Language and I have the doubt the driver couldn’t understand directions.Finally, a lady who had to be dropped off at Antwerp Bus Station, guided thedriver to destination. Some passenger became nervous, we were facing anaccumulated delay of about 2 hours; a man, who needed to reach Brugesshouted at the driver and the police was called. They spent at least 20 minutesto try to calm down the furious passenger.Same situation and same problems to reach Bruges and De Panne stations. Thedriver lost the control of situation. He was visible stressed and didn’t have a cluewhere he had to go. He committed some traffic and driving offences: he used hismobile phone to liaise with Flixbus Headquarter, he failed to stop at traffic lights,he ignored zebra crossings making things dangerous for pedestrians, he stoppedthe bus on the city tram tracks in De Panne... do I have to carry on? Somepassengers took him photos and videos.When we realised, he could speak a little Italian, I helped and guided him to theChannel Tunnel using my phone. By the time we arrived, the ferry we weresupposed to board had left, and we waited almost 2 hours to get the firstavailable. He was exhausted and slept a bit before boarding and continuing ourjourney but before, we had the chance to chat a little. He admitted he didn’tknow the route and he was replacing one of his colleagues. He said he is fromMarocco and has 14 years’ experience driving bus but he never faced a situationlike that. He gave me his mobile number.I had to guided him again to reach the final stop; we reach Victoria Coach Stationat 9.35 pm. The arrival was scheduled for 5.30 pm. We missed our flights toSpain and we had to stay in hotel for that night. Therefore, we ask to be refundedfor all the extra money we had to spend for your incompetence.All the receipts and tickets are enclosed to this letter.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "I have to help the driver to find the route.Bed experience.This company don't refund you if they are late or for other reason..I lost my fly", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'On time , luggage perfect way, driver very cool and helpful', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': "The coach was late on arrival and departure, considering we were told to be there 15 prior! The driver stopped to refuel which delayed s further 15 mins! No announcement or apology. It's unacceptable to refuel during a journey!", 'stars': '3'}
{'review': "It's a cheap travel, but is not so comfort. The internet never work in the travel, and I had arrived with 1 hour of delay.", 'stars': '3'}
{'review': 'The bus driver who drove the first distance of the return trip on my reservation was unpleasant and lacking all the service. He made the start of the trip from Jönköping and the day much worse. Luckily, the driver changed during the trip. Also went with Flixbus the day before and it was a good trip despite broken toilet and bus change.', 'stars': '2'}
{'review': 'Although it is cheaper to go with Flixbus than with other bus companies, service is important. Unauthorized driver who threatens bus passengers by putting on the seat belts in case of an accident happens "You must give your life but near your narrow bodies (pointing out a person) becomes heavy like elephants and mosses around then is the life of other people as get involved ". "Do not you believe me?" he says to this person, "check on youtube", my first experience with flixbus and it was not nice. Having no problems with drivers are straightforward and clear with rules but when they swear and are unpleasantly threatening, it affects the entire review. Will not choose the flix bus when I travel with luggage in worry that I can not bring along. Weared a backpack with computer and valuable things and outside a camera in a camera bag. But it would not follow if I could not get it in my backpack or if it did not go in my luggage which I think is not sure enough. When I had put it down in my backpack, he questioned the weight in the backpack, pointing out that it was seven kilos, and that it had to fit in the upper shelves and not under the seat. When I got into the bus I can count the bags on a hand lying on the shelves. The bus only has no passengers. Unnecessary aggressive treatment.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'WARNING!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! NEVER use Flixbus services; On 2 September 2017 at 1:05 pm I would go home by bus from Halmstad to Gbg (after coming by train from Kastrup). There were 2 chauvers and I asked one of them if it was possible to buy a ticket directly with him because I was having trouble charging their app. Just heard: "wait" in Swedish- think it was German speaking chauvers ... None of them understood English. Received no response or attention from any of them. The one ARROGAN TYPE pointed to his mobile and the other loaded luggage. When 4 passengers left, doors were closed just in front of my nose and the bus went off !!!! there I stood in the middle of the night and the central station was closed !!! Must say that at first I thought they were kidding o would brake but NO, that was true. The first train to Gbg arrived at 05:50 and I could go home. Suppose Flixbus is not allowed to travel in Sweden.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "Bus was 30 minutes late to begin with and got stopped at border control for half an hour. I understand that these things aren't fully controllable, but I simply would have liked to know the truth so I could have booked an earlier ride at the very least.As it stood, I missed the last connecting train due to our extreme lateness and had to wait for 5 hours on the street in Zürich.FlixBus offering an estimated time which was wrong by about 80% of the total trip time is the first and last straw for me - I am confident that saving £15 is not worth spending a night as a homeless person.Furnishings of the bus were decent but clearly some problems with maintenance, as several of the seats were broken and would not stay upright, and the ride was accompanied by a metallic clanging and moderate vibration/thumping from the running gear.I will not travel with FlixBus again. Take it as you will.", 'stars': '2'}
{'review': 'Just travel from Vienna to Bratislava was a good experience since the bus was punctual. But was not so lucky when travel to Budapest from Bratislava Most SNP. The bus delay more than 30 minutes without any msg or notification. So sad and so bad service.', 'stars': '2'}
{'review': 'No useful service and help by telephone inquiry or mail. Hard to understand each other in Danish on the phone. If you want to change something, cancel your ticket, pay a fee and you can not get your money back ?! Especially if you have ordered 17 teenagers plus 2 adults in one class as a teacher, you will receive a 17-student voucher with precise names and birthdays that you can not use when you do not come to Copenhagen anymore during school hours . For inquiries about getting money back, you will only receive a standard mail about where to buy additional tickets. The German online shop meets Danish consumers. They seem rude because they do not provide direct answers and help. Please use them, and if you want to redo, they will not refund the ticket.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "I used FlixBus several times during my 2 weeks Germany tour and it was great value for money. Buses are comfortable, air conditioned, with adequate leg space at the seats and free Wifi on board. Always on time except only once. Ability to reschedule your departure time very easily with only a tiny rescheduling fee. All in all I had a very good experience with FlixBus and I would definitely use it again as it's much much cheaper than the train service in Germany.", 'stars': '4'}
{'review': "Took with Flixbus when I saw that Red Ticket had been taken over by them. Unfortunately, there is a difference between the service of Red Billet and Flixbus. No sms in advance that tells about delays and how the bus looks like it can be found (especially a Kbh problem), no WiFi, small smelly buses, no fixed prices (it's a little more airline-like where they depend on time of day and how much time you order), generally just a really bad mood. Would recommend Black Ticket that runs the same concept from Red Ticket once did.", 'stars': '2'}
{'review': "Always late! Even though they charge double the price if you are buying a ticket an hour before the ride, they of course don't return the money for beeing late, even when late more than an hour! Horrible service, unreliable, unfriendly, shameless.. Way to go! I am sure to spread the bad word about this company!", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'If you have meeting or flight  then you have to book earlier than the time you already planned because arriving late is normal with Flixbus, and some of the drivers are really  rude .', 'stars': '2'}
{'review': 'Clean, on time and friendly staff. Will use it again.', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'The worst experience, in my trip from Linzt to Prage on septwmber 4th 2017 at 08:20. Only because the driver the mlst unoolitw and rude person i have cross in Austria. He screamPassengers all the time. If it was my company i would not like that someone like this person works here, he made all the passengers feel really bad.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "Purchased ticket where payment did not go through technical reasons. The amount was reserved and I called Flixbus, which says I can expect to get the money back in after a week. Then I buy a new ticket and think everything is alright. The week goes by and I see the amount of the ticket I never got drawn! Contacted Flixbus via email and phone - no answer. Has advertised to the bank and had to block the card. Indeed, there is a suspicion that Flixbus is aware of not responding if you are to evaluate other reviews from Trustpilot. It's so bad business management that it's going to spit. He's been driving with Flixbus before and they're quite happy to travel, so there's nothing to fault there. But, it's a coward that they buy up all of the local and regional bus companies, so you get the same service, but risk getting money. Customer service via email is in English or German - already stinks! There will be a lot of time before I get pissed off, but so do not treat your customers. It is to steal from others!", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "I'm very glad to travel with your company! Everything was excellent!", 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'Unusual calls. Bus will be canceled 2 hours before departure. You can not get in touch with them and if you are lucky and will talk to someone, Germany, which means that you also pay extra telephone bills. Fy for the south, poor service. Never again.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "A bus tour across the country, from Copenhagen to Aalborg. Without soap or other for cleaning after toilet visits. Furthermore, there is only a single towel that the entire bus can use after a toilet visit. It's really disgusting, unhygienic and contagious and, in my best belief, a really bad place to save.", 'stars': '3'}
{'review': 'this company is to be avoided. A horrible experience. A service of incompetents!', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Flixbus is one of the better bus companies.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'NEVER USE THEM!! This is German Efficacy at its lowest point I have ever seen. The concept of customer services is not something that they understand very well. My bus never showed up at 3 AM in Bratislava. After 1 hour, I called them and they said to wait. I stood exactly at the platform they instructed me to find. By 5 AM it still never showed up and they had no idea where the driver was at the time. I then called  them for a refund and they told me to find the form online to get a refund. There are 12 different forms and none are title refund request.The automated response had nothing to do with my email and my refund request. I then called them to clarify and they said they have so MANY EMAILS that it can take up to 4 weeks to get a response. None of this departments speak to each other, so everyone is confused.I then told her that this was unbelievable. They made a mistake and then I have to wait 4 weeks for even a proper and contextual response. You won\'t believe this, but she said this is normal customer service procedures in Germany. That they have strict rules and that are very efficient. WOW! NEVER TAKE THIS COMPANY! They are basically Criminals, read their response below.This there response. KEEP in mind, I have NEVER Boarded the BUS! They aren\'t even reading anything. "If a departure is more than 120 minutes late from the scheduled departure time and a customer withdraws from the trip, a refund can be claimed. Once you decide to board the bus even after a delay and the transportation has taken place, i.e. the contract was fulfilled, refunding or compensation is not possible. That also goes for any delays that occur during your bus ride.We regret that we cannot meet your request in this case and hope for your understanding. We also hope to be able to convince you of the quality of our service in the near future again and to welcome you on board of one of our green buses soon."', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'overall good experience and more than I expected despite some negative reviews. Would be great if you can reduce change over time for the driver.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': "Didn't even get to go on the f-ing bus! I was supposed to take the bus from London Victoria to Paris. The bus was delayed, there was no personnel in the station to help (from the company), the bus I was supposed to go was unmarked and there was no announcement of its arrival. At least now I know not to take this s--- service!", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'I was charged three times for the same journey. When I phone customer service they tell me they can do nothing about it and that I need to send an email. My emails have remained unanswered for over 2 weeks.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Good service', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': "I have used a couple of different bus services in Italy, this is the best one I found. The bus was on time which doesn't sound like much but in Italy it's hardly on time. Clean, comfy seats journey passed by us. Recommend!", 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'Pleasant experience in using Flixbus.  Driver was courteous, driving was very good, journey was pleasant and departure/arrival was on time.', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': "Don't choose Flixbus!! More than two hours delay, and when the bus arrived in the station since it was looking totally different (no logo of flixbus different color and some other brand written on the bus, which of course was confusing, and there was no special stop in the station for flixbus, so it was difficult to know where they would park, no representative in the station to help, and at the last second when I realize that could be flixbus, I manage to catch the bus at the exit of the station but the drive simply ignored me and left, can you believe that, they keep people waiting for hours then they can't wait for one minute, and they don't care how difficult or troubling would be for passenger if they are left just like that, by the way most of their drivers are rude and disrespectful and not willing to help people, I advise you choose different company if you can", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "Flixbus recently changed it's baggage allowance to one  piece of luggage in the hold and one hand luggage.  I had already booked and bought my tickets before this came in.  I got on the first bus in London but at Rotterdam the  second driver was quite happy to leave me on the station all night as I had two  pieces of luggage. The  other driver let me on with it when he realised I'd  booked before the new rule came in but  one clearly did not care if I was  left  sat there by myself all night.  I noticed many had  much more then me but  noone said anything to them due to ethnicity.  They clearly had not paid extra to take it either.  Coming home, I had to leave  a suitcase of stuff at a friends in Germany and  the bus was so late  I missed all my connections up to the North of the UK.  The driver was nice but the passengers were beligerant and rude and it was their faults  we  missed the shuttle back to the UK as  they  cleared off at the border to buy snacks instead of getting straight back on the bus as we were told to do.  This meant a  3 hour wait. Also people who take  small children on long overnight journeys need to review their parenting.  Also  please stop stuffing up the toilet with paper. It was full  4 hours before we  got back.", 'stars': '2'}
{'review': "Everything perfect. Like in paradise. Just booking online didn't notified us, that from Vienna till Maribor we have to do the check in on the bus station before entering the bus (but in Slovakia, that was not neeed).", 'stars': '5'}
{'review': "Like two months ago, yesterday I made the reservation on the flixbus site, the money was taken immediately from my card but the site left me waiting for an hour without giving me any confirmation or booking number , with this entry: Thank you for your order! We are waiting for a payment confirmation. This may take about 5 minutes. Please be patient and do not close or update your browser. My connection works perfectly and is fast. I wanted to restore confidence by making a reservation, thinking it was just a technical problem of the flixbus site of that day, but after two months the same thing happened the same thing. Clearly I do not have any booking numbers because the site did not have me given, even though I took the money right away. I'll never make a reservation with flixbus again.", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "FlixBus trip was really good. The drivers are great and the buses are really comfortable. Internet connection speed is sometimes good, sometimes not but I don't think this affects my rating for FlixBus.", 'stars': '5'}
{'review': "Absolutely terrible treatment! We had ordered 2 tickets from Kastrup Airport to Aarhus, at 18:30. We are there at 6 pm at the bus stop we will be at. At 18:45 there is still no bus, so we'll ring in and hear where it gets, knowing it's not running yet and is late but is on its way. Okay, it may happen ... so 20 minutes later, we will call back to customer service as it has not yet appeared and is told that it has been run !!!! Since it is the last bus to know that we have to manage ourselves and find another way to Aarhus, and fill out some form on their website to get the money back ...! Awful customer service, I'm back on a bill of 1000 kr for train to Århus, 400 kr for a taxi home from the railway station when we arrive at Aarhus after the last bus has been driven + One day lost work profit because, due to Flixbus, I can not meet go to work tomorrow ...! So unless they can pay me 3000 kr for the loss I've suffered, I will never use them again in my life and I will never in my life recommend them to anyone I know ...! Really awful mover company !!!!!", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "As a musician flixbus is not an option. They only allow you to take instruments such as guitars, violins and violas in the luggage trunk. Instrument insurance policies do not cover this, and the risk of irrectifiable damage to your instrument is huge. Most musicians that were ever on tour know that violins fit in overhead compartments, between your legs or when there is space; on the floor of the seat next to you. Flixbus employees are many times fine to let you board with a violin. But sometimes there's that one employee that denies you boarding and refuses to let you show that it fits in the overhead. If you're on your way to something important that day they say no, you're screwed. Don't risk it, take the train or another company instead.", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Very nice trip!', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'Great service and very affordable Bus was waiting at station 30 min before departure. Driver was very helpful to people walking by and asking him questions on other bus pickups ext', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': "we booked a flixbus to go from brussels to rotterdam, it was already an hour late that expected, when we watch the driver pass by without stopping in the stop. We inmidiatly called flixbus costumer service and they didn't provide any solution but recognized it wasn't our fault but that we should complain online for a refund, now that we already complained by this media they are not recognizing their mistake. We not only lost money from the ticket, but a day of our trip and the hostel we had booked.", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "It was my first time in this part of Europe. Travelling from Slovenia. Transfer in Vienna. Continue to Budapest. To make an excruciatingly long story short. The drivers stopped in a different city in Austria.I showed the coach drivers my ticket; I asked 4 times if this was where I had to get off to transfer. One of them ACTUALY raised his shoulders to say he didn't know. So, one driver doesn't know that he is NOT in Vienna but in another city. The other driver said that we were in Vienna. Actually allowed to take my bags leaving me stranded to find my own way to Budapest. I expected the drivers to be able to guide me. I could  never reach Flixbus by phone. I received a rude reply via messenger but still a link to file a claim to which I receive irrelevant automatically generated messages. Highly disappointed. I am STILL trying to file this claim from Vienna to Budapest and to lodge a formal complaint against both drivers. Without a doubt. It is an inexpensive way to travel but I recommend it to those who know their way around/within the cities they will travel too.", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'So, I have been a loyal customer for the past weeks while traveling in Europe with Flixbus. Unfortunately, I have lived a very disappointing event and I would like to share it with you so you can take your mesures next time you think of traveling with this company.Last Wednesday, August 23rd 2017, I booked a trip from Brussels to Maastricht at 4:35pm (booking number: #8045960869). I have arrived at the train station in Brussels where the Flixbus buses park at 4:20pm. While waiting for the bus (and none of them had a sign with Maastricht or Kraków), I went and asked a man with the Flixbus uniform about the arrival of the train. He searched all of the buses in the terminal and asked one chauffeur about it and they both said it was late and on it\'s way (because at that time many of the buses were late because of traffic). So we stayed there and waited more. At that moment, the Flixbus agent was gone and no one was there to give assistance to all the people waiting for their late buses and we all found this very unsatisfying. Reaching 5pm, because no one was there to help us, I decided to call the customer service by phone and have more information about the late bus. The lady who spoke to me on the phone took my booking number and my personal information and told me the bus was still on it\'s way and it should take around 10 min for him to arrive. After 20 min, no sign of that bus. So I called again. Now, this agent on the phone told me that the bus was never late and it was there on time and left at 4:35pm. At that point, we were all shocked by this assistance from the agents on the phone and in place. Everyone said that the bus was on it\'s way and we could not know in any way that it was on time because the Flixbus agent on place went and searched and asked and said the bus is not here. I explained this situation to the lady on the phone and, after 20min of explaining our frustration from me and other passengers in the same situation, she offered me a 12euros voucher (code: CUS8PFACC\u200b given at 5:57pm) to use to buy another ticket for the next bus at 9:05pm. This was the minimum she could offer me, but because of the stress and tiredness I was living I accepted to be able to get to my destination. Now, I asked her to book the ticket for me because I had no computer with me and she said it was going to be 3euros more. At this point, the service was getting worst. I refused and went to book it on my phone. Because all this wasn\'t enough, the voucher was not applicable on the Flixbus application (there was no place where we could apply it) and while booking the tickets it charged me the full amount! I loved traveling with your company but this was too much for me. Now the voucher is expired and I lost money. I then sent a complain to their customer service and the answer was:" Dear FlixBus customer, Thank you for your message.We can assure you that our time schedules are planned with great care to transport our customers comfortably and on time.We regret that this did not work out this time.However at times delays are caused by events which we, despite greatest care and preparation, cannot influence.If a departure is more than 120 minutes late from the scheduled departure time and a customer withdraws from the trip, a refund can be claimed. Once you decide to board the bus even after a delay and the transportation has taken place, i.e. the contract was fulfilled, refunding or compensation is not possible. That also goes for any delays that occur during your bus ride.We regret that we cannot meet your request in this case and hope for your understanding. We also hope to be able to convince you of the quality of our service in the near future again and to welcome you on board of one of our green buses soon. Kind regards, "This is NO CUSTOMER SATISFACTION. They don\'t consider your situation and neither try to accommodate you. I understand that it is a low cost bus company but I believe customer support and satisfaction is the minimum they can offer.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Good connection to Munich airport. Good value for money.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Easy to use - great service!', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'Now I have traveled with Flixbus several times and the treatment received by the staff is completely unheard of. Just an innocent question can make them swallow up with nicknames and other superlatives. I urge anyone never to travel by flixbus as there are many other bus companies that are both cheaper and better. For example, black ticket. Surt returns from here. The message "Inappropriate language for writing on the page" Copenhagen.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'It was my first time using Flixbus and it was overall a pleasant ride from Rostock to Berlin Tegel Airport.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'The driver was excellent, very friendly and helpful', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': "If I could give 0 stars I would. This is quite possibly the worst transportation service I have ever experienced. Twice in one day they were unapologetically late, the first trip by 30 minutes and the second by OVER AN HOUR. For the 2nd trip, we received a text message 30 min after our scheduled departure time saying that the bus would be arriving 50 min late.... No idea why they could not disclose this at the beginning, but you had 25 very angry people waiting on a polluted curb in a shady part of town with no news or way to contact the company. Turns out our trip had in fact been cancelled, because by the time they arrived it was the next scheduled time for the day. We tried calling the numbers listed on their website and Facebook page several times, but only got an automated recording in German, despite pressing the option for English. What's more, they say this number should be operated 24 hours so that is false advertising. I am completely appalled with this experience and their lack of care or attention when it came to a resolution. We had been traveling since 3am that morning and this experience most certainly put a damper on our short time in this German town.", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'I think i will book with you on my next travel..Thank you!', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Travelled from Munich to Prague - 20 minutes late upon departure (even though the bus was starting in Munich). After about an hour, the driver drove off the highway and stopped at a rest-station where we were supposed to wait for 10 minutes for another driver (no idea why?), which turned out to be 25 minutes. Then the bus drove into a traffic jam that was reported on GoogleMaps by the time we departed (and of course there was a possibility to go around) -> another 45 minutes delay.Information about the delay was only in German, the driver did NOT (nor even tried to) speak English.No apology for the 90 minutes delay.Plus the great free internet on board means that you get 150MB of data for a 4.5 hours (that turned out to be 6 hours) trip and then they cut you off.Plus no seat reservation causes a herd of people trying to board as soon as possible, so that they could sit together. Several couples traveling with us actually had to sit apart for the 6 hour trip only because FlixBus does not support seat reservations.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'I have done so above.  It was on time and everything was as expected.  No more no less.', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'We were a little late on our trip, but it was ok. The brakes could be longer, and there could be some better A/C, but generally the trip was pleasant. I recommend these buses.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Flixbus Always late 1,2,3 h or more !! we needed to be in Berlin central bus station at 18:00 ! Now its 19.20 and we maked 30 minutes break ! Its not normal ! How people can scedule the trip !??!', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "So, me and my boyfriend were supposed to go on a vacation to Biograd na moru. I was leaving from Beograd at 1.50am and he was departuring from Ljubljana at about 5am. We were supposed to meet in Zagreb at 7.10am and then wait for our bus to Biograd at 9.30am. His bus was 3h late so we didn't make it to our bus in time. While I understand Flixbus can't control the traffic I don't understand why noone was there to help me. I was alone in Zagreb for 3h running and asking around what we were supposed to do, while my boyfriend was still on the bus to Zagreb. First i went to the Flixbus ticket office where a lady didn't even try to help me and just told me she doesn't know and looked at me as waiting for me to leave. Then finally, I got some help from a guy who pointed me to the Flixbus office as if they can help me there. The Flixbus office was closed with no signs where anyone was and where i can find anyone that can help me. Next i went to the information point where again i was just kindly asked to leave because the information point here doesnt cooperate with the Flixbus company. Then naturally i got tired of running around with my huge backpack so i went back to the place where Flixbus sells their tickets where now the guy who has helped me before, was selling the tickets and I told him that there is noone around to help me and that i desperatly need help. He was then kind enough to give me the number of the Flixbus information point where I was just told that i have to rebuy the tickets and then got hung up because of bad cell connection. So I called again and i got a man on the phone, wich actually tried to help me, until i was put on hold. Forever. The guy just disappeared for about half an hour until my boyfriend finally came and i just hung up because there was noone on the phone anyways. We then got everything sorted out when we found the emplyee working at Flixbus with the green shirt and he was very kind and helped us rebook a new ticket, so everything was sorted out. Now, my vacation is over and i wan't to go home. And after alredy waiting 3h at the bus station, I get a message 3mins before the bus was supposed to be here that it is going to be late for 1h55mins. Now my problem with Flixbus now is:1st.: The organization. There is no organization what so ever. I dont understand why the people working at Flixbus aren't more connected. I dont understand how I, was left walking around the bus station for 3h asking for help and noone could call anyone and ask what was going on.2nd.: Timing. If you download the Flixbus app it strickly tells you, you have to be at the bus station on time, or actually even 20min before the bus arrives. So what I expect from them that if the bus is going to be late, it is not said 3mins before the bus was supposed to be here, but at least 20mins before. So my experience with the Flixbus was that eventhough the bus itself is ok and has all the things it offeres, the buses are late and noone really helps you unless you're lucky enough to spot on of the employees in the green shirts.", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'I would advise you to never use this company. We booked a bus with them earlier this month between Lyon and Geneva for a day trip leaving at 08.00 and returning at 14.40 in the afternoon. On the evening before we were to depart we received an e mail telling us that due to operational reasons the bus was not leaving at 08.00 and they booked us on an alternative bus leaving at 22.15 arriving Geneva the next day at 00.15. They did not change the return bus journey which meant that we would get into Geneva 10 hours after we were supposed to get the bus back. Work that one out. It was supposed to be a nice day trip not a wander about Geneva in the early hours of the morning with no bus back. I have complained several times and requested our money back which we had paid so far without any response, except the standard "we are looking at it"', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "Me my mum and my siblings had a terrible experience with Flixbus not just because  of the wifi not working for the halve  of  the  way it's also because we we're changing to another flixbus that goes straight to London in brussel Belgium..  While we we're  trying to get our suitcase of the driver... I clearly saw him giving our suit case to someone else without even asking for the name of the belonging and we defienetly had our name on it and he just passed it and the thief took it and halve of the way threw our label on the floor. Luckily we had no passport or aslo in it..  There we just our clothes.  But still unresponsible.", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Excellent journey', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': "If I could I would give this company a ZERO then I would. My Granddaughters used this Flix Bus on June 26th. The luggage of one of the girls was not in the luggage locker when they arrived in Salzburg from Munich. The Driver was NOT interested.The missing luggage was reported to the Police and this company. She was notified that one case had been found and once she has paid the fee of 16 euros it would be forward to my address in the UK. The money was paid but no sign of the luggage. Since then numerous phone calls have been made to Customer Services,  but other than being told to be patient whilst the query is escalated we still haven't been told where the luggage is. On one of these calls I was informed that they have a copy of a photograph of BOTH suitcases that were now ready for dispatch, still they didn't arrive. E-mails to the press office, for the attention of the Managing Director/Founder,  Mr Jochen Engert have all been COMPLETELY IGNORED. . My Granddaughter has now been informed that they can't retrieve this luggage from the Lost & Found Depart. What sort of company is JOCHEN ENGERT running. It looks to me that there is a system being run that says your luggage is lost, then found, so send money, then after they have your money it is conveniently lost again. If JOCHEN ENGERT doesn't have the decency to reply what chance is there of a reply from his staff.  BE WARNED DO NOT USE THIS COMPANY", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "We were travelling by flixbus all august. We had to take a bus in Prague at 23:30. First in the afternoon we received sms saying that our bus had a  delay of 3 hours. At midnight ee received amother sms explsining thst the bus had been canceled without any explaination or solution. Furthermore we xouldn't cancel the bus because we recrived the sms too late and we don't have our money back.", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Great Service!', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'The bus was a few minutes late, but everything else was fine.', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'Everything superb except for the punctuality! 1h40min delay in the middle of the night makes for an unpleasant start of the journey.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': "I never drive more with Flixbus! I just warn others about Flixbus' horrible and absolutely inhuman customer service. My story is that via their app I bought a ticket from Odense Syd / Dalum to Randers on 14.08. When I get up to take the bus a few days later, a sign hangs that says the bus stop has been moved to the other end of the city a few days before. On my ticket in the app, there is still a departure from Dalum. After two calls to their customer service (for they did not send the voucher promised at the first call), they maintain that it is my own mistake as it is mentioned on their website and in a ticket I received by mail. The problem is that I have used the app exclusively and there are other information in it. So I was an hour late on my trip and had to buy a relatively expensive train ticket in addition to the money I had put out for the bus ticket. Flixbus will not refund my money and if I need a voucher on the amount, I will pay 10 kr. Fee. They did not even regret the bad information. The trip with Flixbus canceled myself (for a charge of 10 Kr. Of course) and drove with Sortbill instead. The driver welcomed me with a smile and the bus had a departure, as described on my ticket!", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "o'clockreliablewifi depends on the buscleaness depends on the bus", 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Traveling with Flixbus was a very pleasant experience. Smooth and quick check in, kind staff, skillful driver, comfortable and neat bus, good WiFi and clean WC.', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'The bus arrived 1h40 min late in what was supposed to be a 2h20~ trip (Karlsruhe to Frankfurt), the complete lack of professionalism and customer care was appalling.- At the bus stop, the company sent the 1st message stating that the bus was delayed by 15 minutes, sometime later they sent a 2nd message stating that it was now 25min late, this by itself isn\'t anything too bad, delays happens.- When we were approaching Darmstadt, the driver communicated that he needed to do a 30 min break due to safety regulations and we would no longer arrive at the scheduled 13h50, we would arrive at 15h30, instead of stopping in Darmstadt where there were alternatives for passengers in a hurry to choose from, the driver chose to stop at a random gas station 5 min outside of the city...and to top it all off, this person seemed to only speak french, and perhaps german, but the rest of the passengers can go screw themselves right? In the end, we actually arrived even later than the driver\'s prediction, it was "just" 10 more minutes, but considering that the delay was nearly as long as the trip itself, I don\'t understand how can a company work under these conditions.I would not recommend the service unless you value money more than your time, some of the unlucky passengers whom had booked flights were in quite a bind, because honestly, it\'s quite inconvenient to make plans under the assumption that your bus *could* arrive 2-3 hours late!', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "This was literally insane: FlixBus sold me (and other passengers!) a ticket to a bus that didn't end up travelling (Meran in Italy to Munich in Germany). A week later they simply haven't replied to my emails. The guy at the call center claimed we actually were on the bus even though their tracker on the website clearly showed the bus to be non-existent and no bus having rocked up at the bus station. I'd avoid FlixBus like the pest as long as you can afford the more expensive alternatives. If you are traveling on a tight budget they might be your only option. I'd call FlixBus the worst travel company I ever dealt with.", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'The flixbus services especially punctuality are so wonderful. This was my third time traveling and I appreciate the service in terms of punctuality.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Great. No problems.', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'Feel that I have to write a bit after reading several negative reviews for my trip. I thought there would never be a trip and that I could forget the 49: - I paid for my trip between Gothenburg and Malmö, though I really wanted to go to Lund. Bus in place 5-10 min before departure time 12:45. Welcome in Swedish by ticket controller. Went on a clean and fresh bus with working wifi as iofs did not allow large amounts of traffic. The driver drove without a remark and we arrived in Lund at 15:45. Perfect trip for my part, but it actually feels like an unreasonably low price, which I consider to be a way for the company to enter the market. Will definitely travel with the company again.', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': "After reading all the negative reviews, I did not even think the bus would come. But it came 10 minutes before departure and departed exactly when it was supposed to. The driver was nice and drove quietly and well, the bus was comfortable with the toilet. Likes that there was footrest. Saved 160 kr to go with them. On the way back, it was only two minutes late. All I can complain about, if you're going to complain, are the seat belts, where there was only a belt around your waist.", 'stars': '4'}
{'review': "Very unprofessional.Firstly my bagged wasn't stowed anywhere safe but merely dumped on the lower seating area along with the rest of the passengers luggage stored on spare seats!Second was the cleanliness. Not clean at all, with crumbs and wrappers all over the floor! My driver was very unprofessional in many ways, one of which was no headcount whatsoever! So unsurprisingly we had to literally turn back because he forgot someone, and then went on to accuse this passenger that he shouldn't have been late. Not only was my travel very bad and uncomfortable but I was delayed by at least 2 hours taking this service. Never again!", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'I wrote it to the FlixBus 2 weeks ago: I bought tickets to my sister on your homepage from Florence to Budapest. She start her journey in Florence at 30th of July, but because of technical problems the bus stopped at 04:00 (31th of July) on the highway. So she was call me and I was call you to ask about the next steps I got the information you send an other bus and she can travel with the next bus from Ljubljana.The new bus arrived to the highway around 9 o\'clock and to Ljubljana at 10:30. Bus driver told all of the people have to came back at 14:45 who go Vienna or Budapest. My sister go back in time but the bus driver told her and an other passenger that they are not on the list, so my sister ask them to call the company what happen but the driver refused this and was shouting that ,,go to the hell" or he call police... As I know the driver was very unpolite with all the passangers and also aggressive with my sister.After this we called your company and she got a ticket for 1th of August. After a short late the bus arrived at 01:30. This bus went to Vienna not directly to Budapest, so after an other change and an other late the bus arrived to Budapest around 11:30 (1th of August).It isn\'t normal to arrive from Florence to Budapest on the third day from the start of the journey. The bus driver\'s behavior is not acceptable at all and I think I will write a review to your Facebook page not because of the many late but this impolite and aggressive staff. I read the bus passengers rights in the EU and also the national law and the minimum rights are these:If your long-distance journey (more than 250km) was scheduled to last more than 3 hours and departure is delayed by more than 90 minutes or cancelled, you are also entitled to:- Either you can get a refund for your ticket and where necessary free journey back to the service\'s initial departure point - you can later complain and claim a refund for the ticket plus compensation worth 50% of the ticket price.- meals and refreshments - proportionate to the waiting time or delay- accommodation if you have to stay overnightIt was a horrible travel full with wrong informations and services from your company and unacceptable behavior from the staff, so we expect the compensation from the ticket price and also a compensation because of the missing services like meals and refreshments.After 2 weeks they answered 1/3 of my questions:,,We can assure you that our time schedules are planned with great care to transport our customers comfortably and on time.We regret that this did not work out this time.However at times delays are caused by events which we, despite greatest care and preparation, cannot influence.If a departure is more than 120 minutes late from the scheduled departure time and a customer withdraws from the trip, a refund can be claimed. Once you decide to board the bus even after a delay and the transportation has taken place, i.e. the contract was fulfilled, refunding or compensation is not possible. That also goes for any delays that occur during your bus ride."So they not really care that my sister arrived on the 3. day after this (normally) short way, they even don\'t care about my other questions about the food and drink what they have to give in this situation or the fact that they gave totally wrong information about the new bus in the phone.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'If I could give this company less stars I certainly would , we arrived to the stop in Ljubljana 40 minutes early to find at least 40/50 people waiting for the train to receive a text to say the bus was delayed 1hr6mins , a lot of disappointed faces , however we got over that , only to receive another text to say it was approximately 3hr26mins delayed. We are essentially stranded on the side of the road with 20+kg backpacks and nowhere to go, all waiting in hop but expeting another text( with no explanation by the way) to say the bus is delayed. We have searched countless times to find a better option and even considers paying a further €78 for another flixbus only to find out that that too is delayed. What a joke', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'We travelled with flix  bus first time. Everything  was excellent', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': "Unfortunately, I have more experiences with decidedly rude drivers. At that same time, Flixbus' terms apply to Abildskou, Redbillet and others. Due to takeover, it is almost untouchable with the remote service level found at Flixbus! In addition, there has also been a significant price change on the tickets by these companies, which have been taken over by Flixbus ...", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "I have taken the flixbus Brussels to Amsterdam  and vice versa several times. It's a low budget option. But...They are preety often late 30 min to a whole hour and their wifi wont work most of the times.Its a good option only for low budget. If u can afford something better just avoid them.", 'stars': '2'}
{'review': 'Super duper :-):-):-)', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'After Flixbus has bought redbillet and abildskou, the quality has been significantly lowered (but prices have risen). On my recent trip from KBH H to Vejle, the bus (which did not look like a Flixbus bus at all) was far from the Flixbus sign, and a staff member at the sign was both uninterested in communicating with the passengers and giving incorrect information ("the bus comes and stays here" ). When I and a handful of other passengers found the bus it was 20 minutes late when we left. The internet could not connect for neither my side man nor me. The tickets have become significantly more expensive and there are big differences in facilities in the various buses. Coffee in one bus but not the other etc. Then make a sms service so you know that the bus has arrived, so you can look for it instead of standing and getting stressed if you come along. The only thing that was a little positive was that the bus driver was good at it and was good', 'stars': '2'}
{'review': "I used two times this 'company' to travel from Mulhouse, France to Zurich, Swiss. It was an unpleasant experience: they were late every time. When I say late, I don't mean 10 min. The first time, they arrived at Mulhouse 30 min late and they accumulated another 30 min until Zurich. 60 min in total!The second time, in Zurich this time, they left the station with 90 min delay. And this was the starting point! They had the courtesy to send an SMS at least. No excuses. Just an 'we are late 1h30 min. They do not have a representative to calm the people and to guide them. We left with a bus that was not in the color of the company, green. I saw the bus by chance 5 min before the departure. No one to indicate were is the bus. And I was not the only one! Conclusion? Use this company only if you have no choice and no other plans with your time. Do not use it as a connection aternative. They are a disgrace in the world of transportantion.", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Very good and safe trip but I would like to suggest that it would be more interesting and fulfilling if a TV show or movies is operated on board', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'The trip was a long one I have never travelled for this long distance by bus. It was from Bilbao to Amsterdam. So far we had a great  trip. I recommend for anyone that want to have fun on their way travelling. We stopped in few places to buy something to eat.', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'Better punctuality expected.', 'stars': '3'}
{'review': "It's so nice ,safe and clean service. however,  we got picked up after 52 minutes of the schedule time,but we don't know the reasons.", 'stars': '4'}
{'review': "I travelled to Mont Saint Michel from Paris Port Maillot on 14.08.17. The coach arrived 20 minutes late and was finally at Mont Saint Michel 60 minutes late!!!! As I was going to come back on the same day to Paris, they deprived me of one hour of visiting this wonderful attraction. Total disappointment and shame on the company! Unfortunately, I didn't complain to the coach driver because my French isn't that fluent.", 'stars': '2'}
{'review': 'Our trip was perfect! I recommend Flixbus to my friends and relatives. The drivers were helpful and nice! Very kind people! I wish the company good luck and further positive experience!', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'Good price if booked in advance. Very punctual, good driver, the internet worked fine in the trip I did (Vienna to Budapest) and there is plug.', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'Wrong terminal on ticket cost me to miss my bus and then I was completely ignored by their service team.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Best my bus trip!', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'My trip returning to Rotterdam:Was it bring a friend to work day? The driver had another person in front with him and they were talking the entire time. I was a little uncomfortable because i like my driver to be concentrating when he is driving a bus full of passengers. Also there were kids at the front of the bus not strapped in and they were all over the place. Driver did not say one thing to them. And parents looked on. Driver was not friendly and did not offer a hand to help put the suitcases in the bus. He just opened the cabin door and everyone had to help themselves.', 'stars': '3'}
{'review': 'I highly recommend Flixbus to every traveler. It has changed my mind about traveling by bus and now I am addicted to it.', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': '16/8/2016 The bus arrive 2 hours late from London to Aachen Germany . Will never travel with flixbus again', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "The trip is comfortable, not a bumpy ride. I ride the overnight bus and slept all the way. There are toilet, wifi and microwave inside. Not using any of it but I think it's quite good.", 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'I see that they paid no attention to the negative comments because on my round trip the drivers treated me very well, super friendly, helpful, the bathroom available and clean, they are very clear with the rules and the time they give you to return to the bus and even so tell the passengers and ask if you do not need one just in case, one even gave us 10 minutes to go down and go to smoke hehe, are the wave!', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'Avoid this company if you need riability. Took a bus from Brussels-Paris, was supposed to arrive at 11:50, arrived at 12:30. I went imediately to the service desk at Paris Bercy station and asked to delay my ticket back to Brussels in from14h to 16:50. The guy delayed for 2 days after, when I went to catch the bus back to Brussels it was full, the women driving was very rude, no option for you, buy another ticket. I had a flight to catch, so the next available was at 21:00. They had a free place next to the driver, but still I was not allowed to enter even when the issue was their fault. Gonna lose my flight for fault of this flixbus employee. Never again', 'stars': '2'}
{'review': 'FlixBus loses my luggage - afterwards drivers say that happens often! I will be delayed more than 5 hours! Is forced to use taxi and other company to arrive (it was an important day for me) - today they have chosen to pay me 79, - back ... no there is also a fee of 10, -. .. so 69, - as if that could make a difference .... !!! I have never been in such a bad treatment and customer service. Take care of your luggage, it disappears from the luggage compartment! And do not expect the bus to be there on time - customer service is also hugely incompetent, drivers are disobedient and direct lead. A good day turned into a very unpleasant experience. No thanks to FlixBus.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': '3 journeys in 2 months. First cancelled, got stuck in foriegn city had to book extra accomodation, no communication at all. Second, three hours late. Third, cancelled and rebooked the day before and now cannot make my connections. Literally the worst customer service I have ever encountered.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "The driver of the bus didn't let me go on because I didn't have my passport with me, for the trip Brussels to Netherlands. I showed him my EU driver license and he didn't accept it finally, he let me in Brussels in the middle of the night. Also few hours earlier I had traveled with a bus from another company the trip Netherlands to Brussels without any identification.", 'stars': '2'}
{'review': "Lost luggageI traveled yesterday (13/08) from Prague to Cologne and when I arrived I realised my suitcase was missing. The driver told it could have been mistaken but I really doubt it because there wasn't any similar suitcase in the bus. It was probably stolen in one of the stops. I was a frequent traveller of flixbus but this experience is very disappointing. You don't have any system to check luggage is taken by the passengers. The customer service hasn't really helped me as i called already several times, wrote an email and filled in the lost and found form and I haven't received any response yet. I am upset because I lost all the souvenirs from my trip, a gift from my boyfriend (wristwatch), my charger and adaptor and my clothes. I already replaced some things as my suitcase, adaptor, charger and some clothes and I want to know how is the reimbursement procedure, once you definitely realize the suitcase has not been found.Incredible, until now (29/08) no response from you, when I made the complaint with the police they told me this happens all the time, many people get their suitcases stolen in your buses every time and they never get a response from you, obviously your security measures are deficient and you don't even care. I don't know how you can remain untouched after so many complaints, disappointing...", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Fabulous service, right on time and the journey was very smooth. Would highly recommend travelling with them.', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': "I traveled from Hannover to Prague.No security for luggage.My bag was theft and when I ask for it ,I didn't get any minimum response from drivers.Another Passenger bag was also theft in the same time.It was very hard for me to loose the luggage worth 350 euros on the day of arrival of the trip and the complaint in lost & found also waste of my time and they don't have time to investigate it properly .Actually the bag is theft and the person who has theft the bag will never come and give it flixbus, please make sure that investigation must be done accordingly Please be aware of your luggage when you travel through flixbus and I personally will never go in flixbus again.", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'From krakow to ruzomberok. We came to destination 1hr later and missed our connection to bratislava. Therefore we had to wait (and buy new tickets) for another hour and half ( that means 2,5 hr delay at the final dedtination). We were cold at the bus with not working wifi or electric plugs. The drivers stopped for a break even though theres a toilet in the bus while we were already delayed for about 30min.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'My Flixbus ride from Brussels to Paris on July 21 was one of the worst experiences in my life. The bus was one hour late and the driver decided to travel through the small alleys of the Belgian countryside, claiming that there was an accident on the road. I believed him at the beginning but started to have my doubts when he stopped at a gas station for 45 minutes to drink coffee and of course to tempt the already tired and angry passengers to buy a drink from the cafe at the gas station.That was when I seized the opportunity to collected my luggage. With the help of two real gentlemen among the passengers (thank you guys so very much) I managed to take a taxi in order to try to catch my plane at  CDC. For me it was a "mission impossible" kind of situation.  Fortunately,  I miraculously caught my plane just 10 minutes before the counter was closed. I do regret not reading the reviews of this company before booking a ticket with them. I will never ever repeat this mistake. Ironically,  since my return, they keep sending me invitations to travel with them on other routes.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'A friend suffered a sexist aggression by the Flixbus driver, traveling from Munster to Berlin . She had to call police to report the facts and the company didn`t do anything...Police confirmed everything, and the Flixbus protected the driver.I did a little internet search and it is not the first time: a lot of people talk about sexist and racist aggression!I would never recommend traveling with this company. Train travel, if you look at them in time, they are very cheap.Responsible consumption', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "If there were an option for 0 stars, I would absolutely choose that. An unexpected detour in the Paris metro services caused our 25 minute trip to the cdg bus stop into a 75 minute trip. This happened last minute with no warning to us. Instead of being 40 minutes early, we were late. We called customer service to ask what we should do. They told us that the bus was running 5-10 minutes late, and that we may be able to make it. We were underground without phone data, so we could not cancel online. All we could do was make calls. By the end of this we traveled over an hour to cdg only to miss our bus. To attempt to resolve this issue, we called customer service. Mistake. They were rude, and extremely unhelpful. They blamed us for the metro detour, and said they were taking our 100 euros and there was nothing we could do about it. Flixbus stole €100 from 2 college kids. And couldn't have been more rude. I cannot emphasize enough what a pathetic, unethical company this is. I will NEVER give these thiefs my money again, and I strongly encourage no one else does either. For anyone that rated them 5 stars, they got lucky on their 1 trip they took with this company. I have taken 4-5 trips with flixbus in the last 3 weeks, and each one has been worse than the last. Choose eurolines. They have similar if not better prices, along with good customer service. They have better wifi and more leg room. Infinitly better. Please don't give these crooks more money. Again, I can't emphasize this enough. It is honestly the worst company of any type I have ever dealt with. Thank you.", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'From Austria to Croatia this time, correspondence of bus driver and luggage was the worst immediately before getting on a bus I was paying the extra ruggeji fee, but only me was refused to bring in baggage and I did not understand the meaning and I had a shoulder If I hit it and called it, I told you to call police because I hit you, forced cancellation. I was helped by the people around me and I did not take care of the police, but I bought the tickets again and waited for another 4 hours. I am traveling around the world variously, but this is my first time to feel such a bad bus. Awfully the worst!', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Everything was great - from reservations which lasts for 30 min, paying through internet to real trip, punctuality, internet, kind drivers and the toilet in the bus. It means really much when you can use the toilet when you need it and where there is no need to stop every 4-5 hours somewhere by the highway just because of going to toilet ! The journey is much more relaxed and faster ! Also, prices - 80€ for the return ticket from Rome to Zagreb, which is 1800 km in both ways, is really great !', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'I will travel with Flixbus any day any time.', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': "Went a bus from Innsbruck to Munich and then home again in the evening, worked well! Good price, fresh buses and nice bus drivers. So, they can not be worthless, as many people write here, that it's an unscrupulous company. There were lots of buses at Munich's bus station and there seem to be many who travel with them here in Germany.", 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Worst bus I have been on board with a driver who can neither speak Swedish nor English and also has a bad attitude towards clients who ask such a simple and simple answer as "what city are we at the moment ? ". Flixbuss wrote nowhere on their website while booking a bus ticket that we would stay in Ödeshög in my 40s, but it was said that the bus from Jönköping at 13:10 and that we should be in Linköping at 15:20. Instead, we arrived at 16:15. In addition, I think that bus drivers should be required to know Swedish. They live in Sweden, that\'s not the question. And on top of all the mud, the bus driver had no suit or any other equipment to represent the company and to know that he is the bus driver. Absolutely incredible.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'I was really satisfied and maybe because of small number of passengers it was comfortable and we arrived earlier. Also the toilet was clean and nice.', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'Bus left on time and even arrived early. The bus had a gps up so everyone could see the distance remaining and busses estimated arrival time. Bus was very clean, the wifi worked well, and their was a bathroom on board', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'Bad company, the company live me alone in lille connections from cdg to London, I had to pay a lot of money for  Eurostar to finish my trip, I never had pass for this situation.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "I am very upset with customer service of flixbus. I have exchanged series of emails and messages with robots and i keep getting irrelevant standard replies. On top of that, phone service is even worst. You are asled to press 1 for english and then you get a operator who speaks fluentlyvEnglish and refuses to help you out! I'd rather to pay 10 times more than waisting my time on a cheap service.I must say that i have already travelled with them few times and it has always been good... they are just very poor at dealing with customer related issues.", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Pluses: Hygiene and drivers.Minuses: No Internet, Toilet.', 'stars': '3'}
{'review': "Flixbus is a good and cheap way of travel. very comfortable and clean. you can also easily charge your phone. There is space for your luggage and the seating is spacious. Toilet could have been cleaner and the wifi sadly didn't work. BUT all in all I would use Flixbus again!", 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Great service. No chargers.', 'stars': '3'}
{'review': "My bus from Bayona (France) to Bilbao (Spain) never show up (bus K784, 05/08, 23h15 booking number 8044552603).I had to take a taxi because I couldn't lose my connection for an international flight.I called several times, send 2 messages in their website, contact them in fb and messenger.I have no response.I advise strongly against this company. Their transportation service is the worst as their customer service.LD", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Very nice service. Very reliable, punctual and convenient.', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'Flixbus was a very good choice. Travel with my child was safe and drivers were very helpful.', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'Quality is dropping with third companies', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Nice coach, friendly driver, low prices. I absolutely recommend', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': "Outbound bus from London to Cologne  was ok but the return from Lille to London was awful. As a bare minimum they couldn't even provide clean toilets. From the start the bowl was filled to the rim. Pigs treating us like animals! If that wasn't bad enough it was 3 hours later AND had zero WiFi. They sell us tickets telling us we should have internet. Nonsense, liars! The driver apologized and was supportive yet told me the company was growing way beyond its means and that its bosses don't give a toss. She had to endure a last minute trip without notice. Too bad for her! Then I send a complaint email in English and get a response in German telling me they were overwhelmed... Thanks Google translate..what a bunch of idiots. Sink the morons with a better bus company.", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'We are 2 pensioners who should travel to Skive 7-8-2017. Since we are not so good at computer, we called in to ask if you could buy tickets on the bus, but we were not sure to come in, but the young man we talked to would like to book for us, he did so and so far so well. Two minutes later we regret and call in to cancel and return our money. We have paid 461kr for the tickets and can get 40kr return, as they charge a fee of 110kr per Person per. Tour ie 440 kr, or we can get a proof of 405kr. The person we spoke to spoke bad Danish, could not spell to our names or mail and refused we to talk to his superior. We were pretty sure at last the money was deducted from the account, we did not come to Skive and we should never ever travel with this scam company. Hope DR Cash takes hold of this company. Best regards Lisbeth', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Never book any other companies because flix has the best price, smooth booking and new and convenient buses. Few stops make traveling fast.', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'Very on time.', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': "The worst company ever... it doesn't depart and arrive on time, and the service is nothing", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Should have traveled between Lund and Gothenburg. The bus was canceled without me and the other travelers being told something. Overall, we waited for the bus for 3 hours without getting any information from the company after trying to reach them via mobile, facebook and mail. The bus was canceled and the staff knew about this before the bus would have departed from Lund. Nevertheless, it was on the internet that the bus was on time and had left Lund on time.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'The worst company ever . My daughter Booked and paid  for bus tickets with a friend and they over booked the bus and left without them They wanted  them to  wait 3 hrs for the next bus with no apology nothing , l will never use them  again , I would like her to get a refund or I will put this all over Facebook and social media', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'We have been customers of Flixbus for quite a long time.This time we decided to travel from the Flixbus stop situated nearby the Hague Central Station to Munich (line 268 at 18.00, 28 July 2017 ).The trip began later than we expected because the bus was late for an hour and we had not been duly informed about that in advance. Despite this fact, we were pretty confident that there would be enough time for a transfer to another bus in Monchengladbach which was going directly to Munich.To the contrary,I would say that the driver’s actions were professional, notwithstanding the fact he had another trip earlier this day, as well as he was alone during this trip, that, to the best of my knowledge, are not in line with the company’s policy and principles which provide that there should be two drivers in the bus.It is worth mentioning, that we were not the only persons who were supposed to have transfers in different cities, some other people were in the same position.With regard to the timing, I would like to underline, that our transfer was scheduled for 00.12 am, 29 July 2017, at the Flixbus stop in Monchengladbach.Unfortunately, on our way to Monchengladbach the bus suddenly broke down. It happened in Roermond (the Netherlands) at around 11.20 pm (the electricity was fallen for unknown reason).\xa0 Therefore, we contacted the Flixbus customer service in order to find any solution. The company reassured us that they would do their best to provide relevant assistance. Regretabbly, the bus was fixed only 2 hours after, but the customer service did not respond to our numerous calls.\xa0We arrived to Monchengladbach at around 03.00 am and made another attempt to reach the customer service by phone, to no avail. It is noteworthy, that there were neither hotels nor taxi nearby the Flixbus stop. Since there was no possibility to get to Munich by other transport, except by train or taxi, both are very expensive means of transport, we had no choice, but started to search the hotels to stay for that night.In the morning of 29 July, after having almost sleepless night, we finally reached the representative of the customer service by phone who was surprised by what happened last night. She therefore proposed us to use the voucher of the company to travel to Munich via Bremen in the evening of the same day. We thanked her for this kind proposal, but stated that it was too late to make it, since we wanted to spend full weekend in Munich. At the same time, we agreed to use the voucher to accomplish the trip to Paris (our final destination which we were supposed to reach right after spending two days in Munich).\xa0In this regard, I would like express my strong dissatisfaction with the level of work of the Flixbus company customer service that caused moral damage to me and my husband, as well as additional expenses, namely the reservation of the hotel room in Monchengladbach, cancellation of tourist trips/around Munich, expenses related to the car rental.Maryna & Anatolii', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "I don't have much experience with coach services, however the reservation and ride were quite smooth :-)However, on one bus, power outlets didn't work and a lot (most?) of the passengers weren't able to connect to the WiFi.", 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Excellent services', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'The worst travel experience of my life. My trip from Belgium to Stockholm was ruined by a really late bus and terrible customer service. Be ready to have your number blocked and be stranded in a foreign city at 3am. Oh? And you speak only English? No problem! Drivers will make fun of you to the other bus riders and be really rude to you. A trip that should have cost me 100€ ended up costing 250€. Oh and they knew it was bad. Every other Flixbus I took I recieved a email asking me to give them feed back but not this time. That\'s the short summary here\'s the story. I took a bus from Ghent to Cologne on Saturday July 29th 2017 with another planned from Cologne to Hamburg 2.5 hours later. The bus was 3.5 hours late. Upon our late arrival the bus drivers called ahead to ensure I could get to Hamburg. The lady on the phone said it should be no problem and I would receive a text confirming my ride on the next bus. Not only did I not receive a text the woman refused to put me on another bus to Hamburg. She said I would be refunded and then I could buy another ticket however, the bus to Hamburg was full so I\'d have to wait until tomorrow. I had to cancel all my buses and trains and rebook everything costing me an extra 100€. Not to mention I was stranded in a foreign city and was forced to find accommodation at 3am! And when you called back the Flixbus operater did not pick up the phone. The next morning I bought a ticket to Kiel (Mind you I had to get to Stockholm somehow) it stopped at Dortmund. My second bus was 1 hour late from Dortmund to the next cities. The bus driver was not pleasent when he realized I spoke no German. At one of our stops he was making his usual announcements in German and the girl sitting next to me explained everyone was laughing because he said "unless your like this American who has no clue what is go in on because she doesn\'t understand me but pretends she does". I arrive at kiel almost 1.5 hours late. Causing me to almost miss my train. (Which I had to rebook for a substantial sum) My bus from Copenhagen to Stockholm ends up being being 2 hours. Mind you I\'m a student and by this time I had no choice but to sit by a 9 hour bus ride because my missed train to Stockholm was much to expensive to rebook.  All and all I took nearly 12 buses in 1 month And or than half of them were unpleasant or just late. Customer service center is terrible and it\'s just easier to pay more and take a train or fly.', 'stars': '2'}
{'review': 'Except that the wifi is limited to 150 mb per passenger, it was very good!', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'Flixbus is always the right way to go!', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'almost puncturalnice staffnice environmentthere are several stops, so it is difficult to sleep well', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'A good experience and very cheap tickets.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Not recommended. My luggage was stolen and I have not received any support from FlixBus. It has been over 10 days.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'inside bus right now and i want to die Worst trip of my life', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "I'm a tourist from Hong Kong.This is the worse experience I ever had:\u2028The trip was scheduled Venice 20:25 > Milan 23:55\u2028Milan 03:30 > Nice 08:00I was arrived 30mins earlier than the departure time at Venice.Finally arrived at Milan, it was a cold, outdoor place. And I have noticed there are a 2hours delay, and we can do nothing but sitting on the bus station to wait for the bus.The bus came eventually at 05:30, I'm already missing 2hrs of my trip, after passing Genoa. The bus had some issue about the engine and stop for almost 3 extra hour on the highway.it was Already 8:47amI was keep expecting there are a bus coming to pick up us, but nothing happened!!The bus driver keep telling us the another bus are coming to pick us, we want to know when will it come, but he said.he don't know.Then the repair truck came and we thought the bus will be fixed, but they only took our BUS out of the highway to another location.Again, the driver telling us the another bus is coming but don't know how long it takes.We finally arrive at Destination at 6:00pm, which is 10hr delay, we lost our whole day trip.We missed our hotel check-in time, we miss some Spot we planned to go, we need to pay extra fee for Transportation.After we back to Hong Kong, I try to let FlixBus to know how disappointed and upset we are.They reply very slow, it takes a week for each email reply, feel like they don't care about their customer.We mentioned that we are tourist, but end up they offered us a free ride. The matter is we would not go to Europe that frequently, This is how they offer us for ruining our trip.For others who want to travel by Bus, please pay attention to this company - Flixbus.", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Please, potential Flixbus customers... DO NOT use this poor excuse for a company. A bus from Brussels to London, I was sent a text message 15 minutes before the bus was due, telling me that there would be a 50 minute delay. Whilst waiting, I then received 2 more text messages saying there would be a further 20 and 25 minute delay due to traffic. Once the bus finally arrived, there was not enough room in the storage compartment for my bag so instead it was thrown behind a couple of seats with 3 cases piled on top of it.  The driving was erratic and uncomfortable, there was no wifi, no charging points and the driver started to drive away at the UK border with 5 passengers still inside presenting their passports. If I could give a negative star review, I would.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'We had booked a 28 hour journey from London to Copenhagen with a 2.5 hour change in Köln.At first we didn\'t get any information about a delay and there were no flixbus employees to help us out.The bus that came, had a defect toilet, so we had to rely on occasional toilet breaks. 3 hours before our supposed arrival we were confused, because we hadn\'t seen any of the other stops. We asked the bus-driver how late we were and to our fear he told us "around 3 hours"; meaning we would miss our next bus. We immediately called flixbus, who simply asked us to call them an hour before our arrival. When we called again, we were on hold for 45 minutes and instead tried calling them on another phone. Suddenly there were no waiting time, but now we talked to another person who again had to identify the problem. He would call us back after 5 minutes, but after 15 minutes we figured it wouldn\'t happen. We called him twice before he picked up the phone. He booked us on another bus, where we would have to change in Frankfurt and change again in Hamburg, where we could take a train to Copenhagen. On our way to this bus, that would add many hours to our already long journey, we saw a flixbus driving directly to Hamburg, and took the chance and asked the driver, if we could join this bus instead. after a call, he told us that it was the bus we originally were supposed to take directly to Copenhagen. To our luck it had been waiting due to a technical error. This bus (from Köln to Copenhagen) didn´t hold any breaks, which meant we could not buy any food or stretch our legs, and we were still 3 hours late on our arrival in Copenhagen.So basically:2 times 3 hours delay.Blocked our phone number, when we needed help.Luck saved the day, NOT Flixbus.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "We were about to board pre booked flexi bus for brussels belgium when the ticket and documents checker stopped our luggage to be loaded in the bus and waited till the end as he said one of our luggage can't go. Same thing he said to another family he stopped for same reason. That family has two boxed luggages which he afterward allowed on board and behaved aggressively with us. My wife was wearing relegious islamic clothing and it was clear from his selection of words and language and attitude that he's racially and religiously motivated to adopt this kind of behaviour and than he ruthlessly didn't let us board the bus. This Incident left my wife in tears and us both in a deep shock. I can't imagine that the bus left us even without checking or measuring our luggage if they think it's over weight. And moreover they let the other family who happened to be of the same race and colour of the ticket checker.I begged him that my family is waiting in brussels and he was literally provoking me by saying so harsh words to me and my wife.I'll absolutely make sure that these kind of people get kicked off from all public transport terminals so no one has to face the same trauma that we faced.I have already launched a legal action involving police and other relative authorities.", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'We are travelling from Rotterdam to Amsterdam and we have a delay of 1 hour 40 minutes. We expect an indemnization for The time lost in Amsterdam. I would be grateful if you could answer this message. Regards, Bruno.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Excellent service , easy to book by internet. Very comfortable new coach with great Aircon and WiFi. Safe driving...would definitely use again.', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'Bus was extremely clean and wifi worked well. Arrived at destination literally exactly at published time, even stopping to take a bathroom break along the way. Would absolutely take again.', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'Zurich to Prague. Day trip bus. Departure dot on schedule like Swiss transport !! Arrival 10 mts before time. Both drivers very plesant when interacting with all pax. Superb smooth driving skills. The breaks enroute are of short duration. Very popular with young students. Good option for families too. Coaches very clean and recliner seats comfortable. Good free internet on board. Overall very pleased with having tried Flixbus as an experience.', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'An efficient and smooth journey on a good bus with wifi from Bratislava to Vienna airport. A good price, too.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Please, people, do not make the same mistake as I did - do not travel with Flixbus... Me and several other people were traveling from London to Prague. We were supposed to change the bus in Brussels. So, the bus to Brussels was 3 hours late. We were left in Brussels (at night) without any information. There was no office, the customer service was not answering the phone, the drivers knew nothing. After an hour, the company sent us a text message with their brilliant plan - they rebooked our tickets and made us to go to Prague through Amsterdam and Berlin. Would you believe it? So we got to Prague with 10 hour delay.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Smooth and nice trip with Flixbus', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'Convenient, spacious and very punctual,', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': "After two trips with Flixbus, I would recommend it, but with some side notes. The first trips went practically flawless. I was very happy with the power outlets with every seat and very good wifi connection (even though it's not allowed to take up too much bandwidth, since its shared among all users, I couldn't resist but to do a speedtest near the end of the trip, which showed a 10mbps connection, which is excellent for all users so long they don't hog it by streaming music or movies as warned about before use). There was also enough leg space for my long legs.The second trip, however, was delayed, and the bus that arrived was clearly a replacement. Therefor, it lacked wifi, overhead space was a little smaller, but still just enough to fit my backpack, and leg-space was only just acceptable for my legs.Overall, assuming you will have the actual flixbus to drive you, I can highly recommend it. How often a replacement bus is used by them, I obviously don't know.", 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'I chose a night bus from Rovinj to Ljubljana and everything went smoothly. The bus is clean, driver is nice, free wi-fi.. I would definitely choose them again.', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'Changed the place of the stop without a clear notice. As soon as the driver saw us coming and waving, he took off.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Excellent journey Szczecin to Berlin - comfortable, clean bus with on-time departure and arrival.Szczecin station → Berlin ZooSunday, July 23, 2017, 13:00', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': "If I had used my coach tickets I'm sure I would not be leaving this review. My boyfriend and I instead chose to use the plane as he didn't fancy being on a coach for 16 hours. Unfortunately cancelling my tickets and acquiring a refund has been an uphill struggle. Firstly it is not possible to cancel over the phone so I was stuck on hold for nearly half an hour only to be told I have to cancel online anyway, then there is no actual refund they just send you a voucher of the same value. I have called on three separate occasions to have my voucher sent to me as it never got emailed through after cancelling. Each time the operator said they would send it immediately, And I am still left with no voucher. I have now messaged them through Facebook asking for my money back because this is getting ridiculous; I spent nearly  £200 on tickets and their service is appalling. I don't even want the voucher because I do not wish to use their service again anyway.", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "Terrible customer service; not attended in my own language (Dutch), even though company operates in the Netherlands. If written feedback in Dutch, it's barely understandable, they did not even go through the trouble of hiring a decent translator. Buses are late most of the time (route Groningen-Eindhoven), and bus drivers complain this is because of tight schedules. Refunds only given after a ridiculous two hour delay. Well, I've got up to an hour and a half, but is not enough for their standards. It's cheap, but the way they treat their customers is abysmal. Toilets are always filthy, internet usually does not work. They are no match for the (also terrible AND expensive) Dutch railways. One of those race-to-the-bottom companies we should be avoiding, but we aren't because of low cost. I will make sure to spread the news about this amazingly crappy company.", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'They can be 3 hours late and have you wait for them but if you are 3 minutes late they leave you and you must buy another ticket. This happens very frequently. Terrible Customer Service too.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Economical, comfortable and very punctual!! Great way to travel and will be doing so again!', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'Sehr gutIt is better than polski busIt is puntcual and cheap and good wifi', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'Very helpful, very easy, highly recommended!', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'Excellent service. The bus was clean. It was on time.  It was easy to locate despite not displaying on the departure board. The ride was smooth. The driver was excellent. We even arrived early to the destination that being Lyon airport.', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'I read many reviews saying how these buses are always late, but my experience was very positive. They were always on time,  drivers were very kind, you have wifi on board and can charge your phone. Music is also very relaxing. Thank you FlixBus for this experience.', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'Bus was late to the connecting service and passengers were left at 1.00am with no information and no where to go. No refunds given. Hopeless.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'What to say? We booked a bus from Berlin to Hamburg that was supposed to depart at 15:00 but the Bus departed 16:07. Without ANY information we were held inside. My wife went to speak with FlexiBus representative, but she was so arrogant and full of bad attitude - She actually said this: " Well, you booked a 9eur bus, what do you expect?". When my wife told her it was 25eur bus ticket, She stated: " Well, even if its 25eur...". - What to say about this? She was as well constantly repeating that they didnt have any info, but when I tried to speak, she was non stop interupting and not listening. I am working in a similar branch, and I tried to tell her, that even if they didnt have any info on when the bus is going to depart, she shouldev cone to bus and stated it (example: Guys, Im really sorry, this is the situation, we dont know when the bus is going to leave etc etc). In that way, at least its up to us to decide whether we are going to wait or make other arrangements...We booked our airline tickets, (value over 1200eur) and planned our trip accordingly. Left little bit over an hour of free time, and now its a question if we are going to make it to the flight... Disaster! I know Im NEVER taking flexibus again. ps. To be honest, the bus is super clean , nice, with internet, toilet, electricity plug and usb plug as well.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "I booked a FlixBus from Wurzburg to Frankfurt Airport. I gave myself time to do the check in at the airport. I was hanging about  waiting for the bus when I get a text saying its 50 mins late! I thought ok that might still be ok. 20 Minutes later I get a text saying its going to be 1 hour and 5 mins late. At this point I knew I wouldn't make it and went to purchase some rail tickets. So now I am arguing with them for a refund! Its taken 3 emails so far and the last one says they need proof I didn't board the bus??? Omg its e Tickets that are on your phone not paper tickets? The barcode is scanned by the driver so surely records show I never boarded the bus..... They are arguing I didn't cancel it. Well I was in a bit of rush running across to the train station with a heavy laptop and a bag trying to grab the train to frankfurt so I wouldn't miss my flight.... Cancelling the bus  was kinda not on my to do list......", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "I had a trip from Berlin to Stockholm, with a connection in Gothenburg.They left me in Gothenburg, expecting me to stay at the station for 8 hours overnight, because the driver decided to take a 30 minute break, which caused me to miss the last connection of the night. Customer service is the worst I have EVER experienced. They refuse to refund me, even though I couldn't get to my destination in a timely manner and didn't even end up using them due to the EIGHT HOUR delay. They ask you to pay for your own accommodation after stranding you in a foreign city and you have to pray to God they'll refund that, but good luck. They want your money and don't give a damn about you. I had to call a friend to drive three hours to pick me up and take me Stockholm. What a ripoff. NEVER use flixbus.", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Service level = 0Location information = 0', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'We took a night bus and got almost a full night of sleep. The driver made gentle turns and drove with the utmost care to allow passengers to sleep. It was an unexpected benefit.', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'Clean bus (including toilets), good value.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'AVOID AT ALL COSTS! Booked this coach on a return from London to Brussels. The journey going the coach was on time but the drivers could not have been any ruder if they tried. After having to load all the luggage into the back of the coach ourselves, I then kindly asked to sit downstairs with my young child who gets terrible travel sickness so that we could be nearer to the toilet. The driver just blatantly refused claiming it was full all though it was more than half empty. Upon arrival in Brussels the drivers then thought it appropriate to throw people suitcase out of the back of the bus nearly hitting a few people. Unfortunately, the tragic tale does not end there for this dissmal coach company. On the return trip they sent out text messages saying the bus was delayed from 13:55 - 14:55, at 15:35 a representative was asked where the bus was and his response was "honestly we don\'t have a clue we have been told to keep saying 10 minutes". At 16:00 another text message was sent stating the bus was now 2:30 hours delayed and then another one at 16:15 saying the bus was 2:45 hours delayed. Thought this delayed process we had to wait outside with all our luggage waiting for this bus with no real information being shared. The bus which was meant to arrive back in London Victoria at 8:00 arrived back at 11:30pm! To then try and call Flix customer services is then another battle as the line says press "1" for english but it doesn\'t actually work and when you speak to any member of staff they hang up on you. I wanted to speak to them asking for my full refund but I cannot therefore I have to write a review in the hope that they see this. Knowing the lack of customer service and empathy that has been shown on this trip I wouldn\'t hold my breath. I would recommend Eurolines or any other company other than this one.Then I got this terrible reply from their customer services team "Dear FlixBus customer, Thank you for your message.We can assure you that our time schedules are planned with great care to transport our customers comfortably and on time.We regret that this did not work out this time.However at times delays are caused by events which we, despite greatest care and preparation, cannot influence.If a departure is more than 120 minutes late from the scheduled departure time and a customer withdraws from the trip, a refund can be claimed. Once you decide to board the bus even after a delay and the transportation has taken place, i.e. the contract was fulfilled, refunding or compensation is not possible. That also goes for any delays that occur during your bus ride.We regret that we cannot meet your request in this case and hope for your understanding. We also hope to be able to convince you of the quality of our service in the near future again and to welcome you on board of one of our green buses soon. Kind regards,".', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "My bus to Prague from Vienna was supposed to leave at21.15, it was originally delayed 1 hour for 22.30 and then 23.30 ...The bus never turned up and I had to strongly argue with the4th bus in Prague's Direction, not full, to get in at midnight. Not to mention I got rejected from other buses going to Prague, leaving earlier and which weren't full. During my waiting time, the overall staff, cashier, drivers, havebeen extremely unhelpful, selfless and rude.It's by far one of my worst travel experience.I strongly recommend not to use this travel company which considers that whatever the delay and the overall experience quality, once you have arrived at your destination, they have fulfilled their contract and obligations.", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Incredibly poor service, with flix bus there is only one language German, unbelievable that at such a time as we have you just do not understand English like, for example. Is this the right bus. Besides that, the flix bus has been so kind to be an hour late without any message (although it certainly was what he said at GERMAN) amazing that you still believe you are a superpower! Take control of your bus men - would recommend others to find an alternative than Flix', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'I booked my ticket from Vienna at 16.10 to arrive to Bratislava at 17.10 because I was having another trip at 17.45, however the bus left Vienna till 17.00 which made me miss my next trip. I tried to talk to driver, but he just called two bodyguards who wanted to hit me and throw me away from the bus. I contacted their SD and they told me that the refund is only when it is late for 2 hours as in another way f** you!I was not the only person who suffered from their unprofessional behavior, but many other people in the same bus.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "I booked a Hannover to Lyon bus journey to save money. Unfortunately my first bus was late (Hannover to Düsseldorf), and I would have missed the connecting bus (Düsseldorf to Lyon) if the very friendly driver had not made a call to ask the other driver to wait for me - which I greatly appreciated. Other than the first bus' delay, we arrived on time in Lyon and the overall journey (a total of 18 hours) went perfectly. I would definitely do it again and recommend to anyone who can handle a long journey to save money.", 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'Easy to book, affordable. Friendly drivers.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Hello, my name is FLAVIO FLORIANO DE MORAISBooking # 8043401157> Milano> Barcelona.Linea 492 - 22.07.17 Departure: Milano 2:40 pm to Nice Aéroport (stazione autobus - Terminal 2) Link: Line N708 destination Barcelona - 22.07.17 - 20: 40 h.At the start of the trip, in Milan, I was informed that there was a delay of 2 hours !!!! Therefore I could not take the bus from the Nice - Barcelona connection. But they told me that if I did not arrive on time, I could on another bus. When I arrived in Nice there was no one to guide me what to do, to explain something to me !!!!! Com much insist the driver made a call and then told me that the next bus to Barcelona would only come in the next day! At 8:00 in the morning. I was at the station alone without knowing what to do and obviously the question was: Where am I going to sleep tonight ???? I chose to go by bus because it was cheaper and then I see myself in the need to look for a hotel in Nice (!!!) to spend the night !!! I was the first time in my life that I slept in an airport bank !! !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! For reasons of work and family, it would not do me any good to assume the delay caused by Flixbus, therefore I had to buy a plane ticket to Barcelona !!! !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! At that point I There is a huge fatigue, just thinking, in the bureaucracy that I will have to endure to recover my money.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "They are never on time, half the stations are in random places with no cover. We got caught in a storm as the bus was over an hour late. The driver got stroppy over us being wet. Then our next bus was called so they moved us onto one which was 4 hours earlier which we can't do, and we are expected to pay to change to a suitable time. Do your self a favour and use someone else.", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Unusually bad service and info about the trip. I was going by bus 20.07.2017 at 7.05 am from Copenhagen H to Malmo. 6.20 I received sms about delays up to 46 min. I waited nicely for 7.51, and the bus had not arrived. As the bus was delayed approx. In 1.5 hours I called the hotline and had to wait in la-a-ang time until they took the phone. The employee could not tell where the bus was to her, just on the way to Copenhagen, and why all information about it had disappeared on their website so we could not keep an eye on it. It might not be so important because they do not update their website regarding delays. There has always been +46 min. Finally, the bus finally reached a 2 hour delay. I would like to have been told right from the start so I might go for a walk in Copenhagen and not be so stressed.', 'stars': '2'}
{'review': "First and last time using this service. We're on the first bus of the day and it is 2 hours late. Very unreliable! They blame it on traffic but other bus services are on time. I think the bus driver just overslept.", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'I like the services you should keep it up', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'Better to take direct bus and at the morning. Delay happens many times when traveling with changing the bus.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': "Their website is well designed, easy to use and full of info. It's easy to purchase a ticket. I prefer to purchase with credit card and love having an eticket on my mobile phone rather than having to print a ticket. And much better than standing waiting in line, having a bus sell out and some stations only accept cash. Their app is great too. It's sends reminders of your bus. Nice, comfortable bus, great driver and on time.", 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'Great price, nice drivers, trip was shorter than expected :)', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': "9 out of 10 times my trip from Rome to Perugia  and vice versa ran smoothly: the bus departs and arrives on time, excellent wifi on board, seat quality. However, my last trip was a nightmare when the bus arrived 15' late at Tiburtina station and departed 10' later. The driver then drove an unusual countryside road. As a result, almost 1.5h hour late respect of the schedule! Hope this is just an exception. I still prefer Flixbus to other terrible Italian companies.", 'stars': '3'}
{'review': "Lost and Found works very bad, doesn't want to help, doesn't reply to email.  I miss my baggage  when I get off after arriving to Strasbourg. I just forgot to take it for having sleeplessness. So, contacted with customer service, they only said that we will answer you in 2 weeks. There wasn't even any lost and found office.", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Neoplan buses are always good! Credit to your driver, Jes! Great service, drove on time! Far better than the red ticket!', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'Very comfortable. Electric power sockets and free Wifi really made the trip enjoyable.', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'Flixbus is a cheap service. However it is always late. Even though when the bus could be in time the bus driver decides to stop anywhere for a 15 minutes break that causes an additional delay. While understanding that people need to have a break while driving - if you need a break than dont claim that the trip will take x hours. Add your break to the travel time..', 'stars': '2'}
{'review': 'Very nice journey', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': "My bus was cancelled and they didn't cover hotel cancellation.", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "Got there an hour early, found 2 other flixbus drivers who were extremely vague and angry and unhelpful as we didn't know where to go. Went to wait at the platform 20 mins before our bus arrived. Was waiting for 30 minutes before another flixbus came, only to be told our bus has already gone. Very poor service. 1*", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Cheap, but be repaired with delay and be in time at bus stop to find your bus in time.', 'stars': '3'}
{'review': "The WiFi connection existed but didn't work.It was a little hard to find the specific bus stop at the terminal because it was written very small in the PDF and I didn't see it and the ride was operated by another firm and the bus looked different. Other than that, great service.", 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Its cheap and everything went smoothly i guessed', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'Kind professional driver. Sometimes announcements were made only in GermanDon`t count on wifi aboard. And don`t make small connections between buses. On a road to Munich from Berlin we had traffic jam and our bus came to Munich 40 min late.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Great experience.', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'It was an interesting experience, we started on time, we were delayed -(stopped at the border), at the end of the journey everything was ok. Friendly drivers.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Traveled to Berlin from Copenhagen and returned in July 2017. At first I did not have to get on the bus because I\'m not on the passenger list - even though I\'m flagging with my ticket and my passport. The driver will not communicate with me and keep saying "momento". Finally, I insist and put myself in! During the whole trip, drivers / drivers will not communicate with me or many of the other passengers in either Nordic languages, English or German. They were shown Romans! When buying a ferry, we spend a very long time while one driver is in, and the other discusses loudly on the phone in a language that we Danish passengers did not understand. We are waiting in line at the ferry dock in Gedser, arriving, loading, loading - and then sailing and there are two hours for the next ferry. We will not be informed at all. It\'s only when I go down and tell the drivers what happens and require some information that one takes the microphone and says "Zwei Stunde Pause" !!! It turns out, we find ourselves (through the ticket office in Gedser) that there was no reserved space for the bus at the departure at. 11.00 - that is, the departure from Flixbus departure to Berlin with every single day. We therefore had to wait two hours extra - absolutely unacceptable on such a background. Some of the passengers were insecure due to the lack of information and the drivers\' lack of communication with us - an elderly lady unhappy, for she had to go by bus to Budapest from Berlin at. around 17.00 (we should arrive at 3.30pm in time). A mother with two children would continue from here at. 17.40 and was also worried. I called the Flixbus Danish department and came through after 20 minutes. Here I spoke to Jonas repeatedly. despite my repeated explanation, continued to insist that Flixbus could not take responsibility for ferry departures. I asked to talk to his boss, it took some time, Jonas came back and continued in the same groove. I told about our insecurity at the drivers and insisted on talking with his boss. Then Jonas made the pipe! We arrived in Berlin 2 1/2 hours later than planned. When I went home, there were also challenges. The bus came, everyone (many to a double-decker bus) got ready, a manager at the ZOB (bus station) from Flexbus came to look up at the front with a driver, and the doors were closed and we were told we should wait. We did so for half an hour. No information - we were 15 minutes late already, the drivers went frustrated around - and NO informed us what happened. We then found that the waiting time was due to a stone slash in the windscreen, and it had to be clarified, insurance, whether we had to drive. Suddenly, on the information sign on the bus, the bus is canceled. Again no INFO - everyone is wildly frustrated. The Flix Manager comes in after five minutes, and then we have to drive anyway. However, he says in German when I ask what has happened - that we have been allowed to drive but that "he would not do that". Not just something that calms passengers going on a 420 km. long drive. Traffic delays, the bus company can not be blamed for, but not having a seat reservation (and so during the busy holiday season) and did not want to communicate - neither in the bus nor in the bus. phone - it\'s for me to look completely unnecessary and unacceptable. I never travel with Flixbuses anymore!', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "I booked the bus from Freiburg to Basel, and from Basel to EuroAirport. First of all, The bus was 50 minutes late, which means I arrived in Basel with one hour delay, that made me lose the connection to the EuroAirport.This is unacceptable! Secondly, there was an awful smell from the toilet! Plus, the bus drivers don't understand or speak any English.  Not to mention, the FlixBus phone line, doesn't have an English line. This was such a bad experience!", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "We had just before departure by SMS noticed that the bus should be delayed by one hour. I had tried several times to get the customer service. I was on hold the third time for 20 minutes unsuccessfully. On the fourth try I got through and the lady on the phone was very friendly and told me that the bus would come in 10 minutes and we would get the connection bus in Brussels. However, the bus did not arrive until about half an hour later, totaling about 100 minutes instead of an hour's delay. The bus driver had hurried but it was no longer possible to get the connection bus. A bus can always be late for any reason but then honest information should be given to help us in this situation instead of talking us nice it would work out. Everything is not a problem as long as we are not alone then. Mobile battery was now all and we stranded in Brussels. That could have been prevented.", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Comfortable and clean bus and seats, clean bathroom. The wi fi broken was the only "but". I trully recommend!', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'I’ve just made a very bad experience with Flixbus. After I had missed my bus, I wanted to cancel my return ticket. I did not manage to cancel my trip on their website, so I asked for it to be cancelled via e-mail two days BEFORE my return trip was planned.After a week I got a message that I didn’t cancel my trip at least 15 minutes prior to departure although they have my e-mail showing clearly that I did.So they just keep 130 € for a service not provided. I would agree to paying half of my ticket because it was me who missed the bus to my destination.But keeping the money for the entire trip is pretty much theft.Update: Flixbus did reconsider my case, so I am greatful for that.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Always very reliable and well-priced!!!', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': "As everyone else writes, you double-book because of server errors, but the money is deducted anyway, they may figure out when you get to the bus, you stand 3 times and they say send an email so you can get your refund Two tickets, it's done three times, but as everyone else writes, they never return, it can not go long that the company can survive, I do not travel with them anymore.", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Excellent value for money, very few issues overall, none of which were critical (e.g. there was an error in booking, but it was very easily and quickly resolved by booking, and WiFi was unreliable).', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'I like Flixbus service and ticket rates too much.', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': "I hope you guys will keep Elena around in the curomer service department or grant this outstanding employee a raise since she is an asset to the company. Having more employees like this will allow the company to continue growing whilst retaining it's status as a premier bus company in Europe. If it had not been for Elena I would have had a completely opposite opinion of this corporation.", 'stars': '5'}
{'review': "Travelled from Naples to Bari.Flixbus delayed our journey by 1h 40min absolutely unexpectedly. Didn't call, didn't apologise, simply sent an email half of day before.Also not very accurate in time, poor WiFi.Good electricity socket, quite comfortable.", 'stars': '2'}
{'review': 'We left at London time. Passing Gandes the bus failed and I have been waiting for three hours to travel. We had my family or me a tour scheduled for Bruges today, but we already lost it ... and for what I read, they will not return the money I just lost.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Delayed by 4.5hours with 15 mins notice. Keep getting false updates on bus arrival time.Very bad service on hotline. Took 30 mins to talk to service person.Bus no air con. Rude employee at bus station.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Easy and cheap transportation and on time very friendly drivers, among other things, helpful and good-looking, as well as buses', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'Booked a bus from Zurich to Colmar. Bus was 2 hours late and we were only notified of the delay one hour after the original departure time. No explanation for the delay and zero customer service. Will never travel with this company again.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "There is a double booking due to Server errors on their part, they deduct $ 1200 from me and are now unable to get in touch to get the money they owe me. You can get them back as a worthy proof, what kind of dirt is it when it's their fault. And then it's not even easy to book with them. NEVER RUN WITH THEM AGAIN! The worst customer service I have ever experienced. It's so bad for Abildskou was super good and they have some good prices but when one's trip suddenly costs 1200 kr, it might even pay off the train ...", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'So far we used Flixbus 3 times to travel from Groningen to Bremen. Two times the bus was more then one hour late. One time te bus was on time but the bus driver missed a turn, because of this we were still more then a hour too late on the airport.. Hope this company will get bank robbed soon because its a terrible service...', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'i booked a flixbus on 7th july 2017 from vienna airport to gyoy hungary bus no 902- which never arrived i ended up taking train Never book the bus in advance not worth the hassle and other drivers are so rude and aggressive would never use them again Guess what its their loss hope they get bankrupt i called the number in germany they put the phone down Robbers day time robbery', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Excellent on-board facilities and services. Confortable seats and extra leg room for a great price.', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'This was the worst customer service I have ever experienced. Our bus was 4 1/2 hours delayed and 5 hours LATE. Everyone only got the notification 1 hour before departure when we already checked out of the hotel. Everyone taking the bus waited outside in the cold till 4:30AM with all their luggage in an unsafe area. While we waited another Flixbus driver got into an argument with one of the passengers on my bus trying to find out why the bus was so late. The bus driver told the customer to "Fcuk off". Another Driver did nothing to help two older (60-70 yo) African American couple begging him to help them purchase a ticket on his bus. At some points he grinned as if he enjoyed it. It was unreal to witness.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Other than the cleanliness of the facilities, the bus ride was very comfortable.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Best and cheapest option', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'Like the price and the bus situation! Maybe next time can be more on time!', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'I love flixbus very neat, conducive and spacious for traveling.', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'my first experience with Flixbus, absolutely cool and positive. Very nice and helpful driver, good bus. Certainly beat my expectations.', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': "I'd never heard of Flixbus before this trip, but what a great way to travel. I crossed Italy from Naples to Pescara and although the journey was 4 hours it felt much less. And so much less hassle than by train or plane. Clean, comfortable coach ( with seatbelts) and air-conditioning. The wifi worked perfectly all the way too - it's on from the moment you board the bus.Just wish there were notices to tell people to speak quietly if they insist on phoning everybody they know for the duration of the journey!!", 'stars': '4'}
{'review': "Hello Flixbus,Hope you read my message here and assist us on time. I have purchase a interflix voucher 3days ago and waiting for them to be validated. Unfortunately, one of the voucher codes does not work. I tried to contact customer service via contact form on your website and got response that the code i redeemed might has been mistakenly written. With this i'd like your help and also to clarify that i have purchased interflix directly from your fan shop/website (not from any agencies). I have copied and pasted original code into the redeem box and one of them just not valid.Hence, please kindly help me to check my voucher code so i can complete my journey on time and without any problem/delay.", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'This is by far the worst experience when it comes to bus/coach traveling.  It’s as fundamental as inaccurate information on the bus tickets,  to rude bus drivers and unhelpful customer call centers.  Yes they have cheap tickets, but I suggest you go for the next option even if it costs a bit more.  Don’t get disappointed.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Very reliable and punctual. Superior customer service.', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': "Trip went smoothly! Used a mobile ticket that I purchased on my phone a few days prior to the trip. Coach has internet access but it is limited to a certain amount and there wasn't anywhere to charge your phone. Coach driver was informative and everything went according to schedule! (Brussels-Amsterdam Sloterdijk)", 'stars': '5'}
{'review': "thought it's nice to pick up a certain place so you fill up up but maybe miss a few more times over dinner there's a bit of a bit of morning time is nice how to get to kbh you can get a lot out of the day", 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'it was good and comfortable but toilet was not working due to some technical issue.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': "The journey from Kodan to Berlin line bc N32, was excelent but following one number line 060 (from Berlin to Prague) was so horrible that I was disapointed with behaviour and uncorrect of bus drivers. I pleased them for 5 minutes of waiting but without results. I am so worry for that and in the future be careful ! That's no good point for you ! Anyway... line N260 was great also.", 'stars': '4'}
{'review': "Absolutely horrible experience, I booked tickets for the formula one but I never got there in time , the bus had a starting delay of 5 hours which was later worsened to almost 7 hours, then only at 4 in the morning I was able to reach customers.er service after which I could finally book a room as I was stuck in Prague in stead of austria where i should've been( I did not sleep I left at 6 in the morning to catch the replacement bus). Overall the experience is horrible , customer service is awfull and actually being on time looks like a joke to them, so far I have traveled twice with flixbuss and both travels were unsupportive and late, I would never ever travel with flixbuss again.", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Great to have wifi and sufficient space ! However, the foul odor from the toilet was constant and made the trip somewhat quite unpleasant. Shame !', 'stars': '2'}
{'review': 'Best price. Easy booking. Great information and a very nice trip!', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'Very good service! Recommending to use this option for travel.', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': "We had 1 and a half hour delay for a 4 hours trip from Brussels to Paris. The company's employees - drivers and the man in charge of planning kept us (more then 40 persons) in the bus station with no clear solution. They would move us form one bus to another saying that they don't know how to fix this problem. Flixbus's employee was clearly overwhelmed by the situation and the drivers refused to board us to the next buses.On another hand , the chairs are very uncomfortable with no legroom.I don't recomand the company and I'll definitely never user its services.", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "It's a disaster, not a service. I spent hours waiting for the bus at the station a number of times. A 2 hour delay is perfectly normal for them. The customer service / passenger right section doesn't work on their website.Seriously, they should go out of business. I'd rather walk then go anywhere with them.", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "Honestly it can be alright but too often they aren't on time, change places of pickup and arrive extremely late to their destination, you would be better off avoiding entirely.", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Was there on time, got us there on time comfortably. What more can you want?', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'Very good! Amazing driver. German punctuality. Im in love again!', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'Worthless ski company !!! The bus between Gothenburg - Stockholm was canceled ... found out about 20 minutes before the bus had gone. Got a reminder mail at night before today you go with FlixBus ... etc ... so you thought that everything was calm, but not :-( Had to get to Stockolm somehow (Rigakryssning) .. got the first best train ... and the bus journey home was of course also canceled :-( So it got to be train even then .Our trip was over 3100kr more expensive than planned :-( May really hope I will be replaced for that.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Bus was running 75 minutes late had to catch a train to keep my schedule. Bad service and want a refund', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'It is good trip with on time bus.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'The trip was OK, bus is clean, price, travelling time and delay is acceptable, easy to buy a ticket. It was nice to get a message about the delay. The very green image is easy to  recognize, even if the bus delays and rolls not necessarily into the given I would be pleased if on the home page I would be able to scan the stops along the routes.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Great. I loved it :)', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'Thank you flixbus! Make my travelling nice and comfi.', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': '2 hours delay to arrive on destination, for a scheduled 2:15 trip, but "only"  45 minutes delay on departing, so it is fine and no compensation needed right?Stay away from this "Service", everything is just random.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "Had a terrible experience with Flixbus despite using them before and hearing positive stories from friends. Bus was delayed multiple times, we arrived 8 hours late to our destination at 3am in the morning. PAY an extra few euros to go with another company. It will be worth it. I received no contact from Flixbus telling me what was going on, so needless to say it was an incredibly stressful experience. When the bus finally arrived there was no communication from the driver, no apologies or explanations, we were just herded aboard. I called asking about compensation and was told to submit an online form (which I already had done), then received an email saying to expect a 3 week response time - that's unacceptable. In short, the 4 hour delayed arrival time was unacceptable, the lack of communication was frustrating and the customer service when I called was mostly unhelpful.", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "Flixbus driver ASSAULTED me in the street after I asked for his name to file a complaint about his unprofessional behavior. This happened because I tried to help de-escalate a bad situation, caused by the horrific behavior of the Flixbus staff, which was endangering the safety of an infant child.The driver and other Flixbus staff verbally berated a customer in German for attempting to load a baby carriage into the bus prior to checking in. The customer, a father traveling with his wife and infant, didn't understand German and was reasonably offended at being treated so rudely. The situation escalated to an argument and the driver banned the entire family from riding the bus, even the mother and baby, in the middle of the night, in freezing weather. The father, reasonably, believed this outrageous treatment may be racist, as he and his family were from Africa. I tried to reason with everyone, get everyone to apologize, calm down, and get the family in the bus, since they'd done nothing wrong, especially not the wife and baby. The wife was pleading for the sake of her child, who was in real danger in -2 C, to let them on the bus. When I tried to help, the staff threatened to ban me from the bus as well. They looked like skinheads, by the way.When I got to my destination I asked the driver for his name to file a complaint. When he refused, I started taking video and asked again. Then he chased me out of the bus and attacked me in the street, grabbing me by the neck and pulling my hair.I filed a complaint with the local police.I informed Flixbus, and they blew off my complaint of ASSAULT and the horrible treatment of the family. They also refused to tell me the name of the driver who assaulted me to add to the police report.Regardless of any external circumstances, such an unstable, violent person is a dangerous bus driver. But Flixbus chose to continue to jeopardize the safety and lives of its customers rather than address their problem is staff selection and training. Flixbus is cheap, but is it worth risking dying in a burning bus because it's being driven by a lunatic they refuse to fire after he publicly committed a violent crime? Really?", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Bus was 45 minutes late but thankfully a notification was sent out around 30 minutes before. Friendly driver, compfy seats. Unfortunately that toilet was a bit gross by the end of a 12+ hour trip, and out of paper towel.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Disgusting behaviour from the company.Bus from Brussels to Cologne delayed for 1 hours,after for another 2.30h and then no message.We called the company and they told us they can\'t locate the bus.Another call and they said that the bus didn\'t even left Gent so i decided to go to a hostel as it was already more than 8 hours waiting.Couldn\'t reebok the ticket as you have to cancel the trip with at least 15min before departure.Next day i booked the same bus,same story all over again,i felt like being in a movie with stupid people.Cal the company and they said they can\'t find a !!diesel!! gas station. Another guy called in the same time and they told him the bus on the way. We wait for more than 6 hours and there was another bus going to Cologne via Amsterdam but they didn\'t allowed us to board the bus.At the end there came a scheduled bus to Cologne and after half hour trying to call the customer service with no answers,the driver agreed to take us on the bus so we finally were in Cologne at 4am,sleep in the airport like homeless people and no help from the company.As they say on the "passengers right" if the bus is delayed more than 120 min you can book into a hotel and have snacks up to 80€/night. I sent them the receipts via e-mail,they asked me to send a bank statement so i did,after they said it\'s not valid and so on.1/2 weeks emailing them and trying to get at least the refund of the tickets but they said that they cannot refund cause i have ised the tickets.Try to e-mail them another time to explain the problem but the e-mail couldn\'t get through,which means they have blocked me.London to Paris,the driver ask 1 girl to pay 1 luggage because she is allowed only 1 luggage.Showed them that we are allowed 2 bags and the driver became aggressive.At the passport control in Dover,1 guy was left behind because of some misunderstanding with his passport,we told the driver but he didn\'t care and choose to go without him.After 15 min the police came and had to return to pick the guy.The driver came up to me and the guys next to me and start swearing in german and being aggressive.So we missed the slot and had to wait 2.30h for the next train.When we got into the train the driver crash the bus so we had to go down and everything else was just a fuckd up journey.No response from the company and the worst thing is that there is no organisation in Germany where you can complain about this kind of stuff.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "Shockingly bad customer care, service & safety! Don't believe the website hype!Brussels to London Victoria. 2/7/17*Bus 3 hrs late arriving in Brussels, no communication from company*Driver screaming and shouting at passengers as they were boarding, even swearing at one lady.*passengers told toilet was broken, & couldn't be used for duration of journey, door locked by driver.*in first 5 minutes of driving had hit something and smashed wing mirror. Run a red light, missed 3 green lights and was clearly very very stressed and in no fit state to drive.*stopped to look for spare wing mirror, none on board. Passengers told he was waiting for his boss to bring one and the a little while later he returned to Brussels North train station.*then told to just carry on with journey by company - neither bus or driver were safe to continue at this point but proceeded to join motorway network for next two hours, during this time he had another argument with a passenger whilst drink on the motorway. Absolutely unbelievable behaviour and totally unacceptable.Countless calls to 24/7 customer services, mostly involving a 20 minute wait on hold before getting to speak to any one, no action being taken despite being told otherwise.* received call telling him to stop at small service station 20 minutes from Calais as mechanic on way. 3hrs later, still no mechanic. 3 1/2 hrs later, on the move again.*No food or drink is being provided, passengers include 25 schoolchildren, who should have been in London at 8pm and currently being told 3 am but this looks wildly optimistic.Last call to customer services, on hold for 50 minutes, then we gave up. Clearly no one is answering the calls anymore.Passengers in limbo & service station shutting.By the time they reach uk driver will have exceeded his daily driving time. If he tries to continue on I've informed my daughter to call the British police and tell them the situation.Despite their clear customer promises on their website the company actions or lack of couldn't be further from their stated commitments.DIABOLICAL!Be warned.", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'I would recommend this company to anyone!', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': "My one-day trip from Brussels to Cologne/ Bonn was a true fiasco because of the delay of the Flixbus buses.In the morning of 01/07, the bus to Cologne/ Bonn (airport) was late for one hour and a half (they notified me about the delay at 6.30, the moment when we were supposed to leave). In the evening, the same day, I was supposed to leave from Cologne/ Bonne (airport) at 21:05. Many people were waiting for the bus and only after one hour after the supposed departure time, Flixbus sent us a SMS saying that the bus will be late for 4 hours and 5 minutes (which in the end were almost 5h).At almost 11 PM there is no train that goes from Bonn to Brussels and no other transportation (except hitchhinking, probably). At 1 o'clock, a bus going to Oostende (via Brussels) parked in the parking area. The driver refused to take a few passengers going to Brussels because our tickets were not valid! I understand his comment, however, since the bus from the same company did not come, it would have been polite to give us an alternative and the option to finally travel to our destination.  Moreover, because drivers' English was limited, we could not communicate and find out why there was such a delay.In the end, after 5 hours of waiting, the bus to Brussels (and then Gent and London) arrived. Drivers did not even mention why caused such a delay and why we have not been informed before our departure about the 5h delay, so we could have potentially find a train to our destinations. I arrived to Brussels at 5 am. In order to avoid all the frustration they caused to me and many other passengers, I think that Flixbus should improve their communication system, train their drivers to answer questions and come up with solutions when such delays happen. They could potentially increase a bit more the prices of the tickets (as they are very cheap at this moment) in order to offer a better service and client support. Moreover, the technology available nowadays could be used to monitor such delays and inform passengers accordingly.", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Excellent staff, bus and journey. Arrangements at the bus-stop were not as indicated on the e-ticket (instructions were to check in 15 min prior to departure) — in fact there was nobody at the bus-stop to check in with!', 'stars': '3'}
{'review': 'I was going to my brother\'s wedding in Stockholm and had booked a bus ticket with FlixBus, it was planned that the bus should run from KBH at 8:30, but when we arrived we received e-mail and SMS that the trip was delayed 55 minutes, so departure was postponed until kl. 9:25 but it may happen that we do not know what it is like. So I was in the apple and realized that I had to wait 55 minutes in the violent rain when all the places offered shelter were taken by other waiting people, and since I would stay to make sure the bus did not come before and drove without me, during the first 30 minutes, it developed from the rain to a heavy shower, so just get some of my shoes, socks and bought clothes dry I sat inside, at the cafe every time a flixbus appeared, I ran into the shower and checked if it was the bus to Stockholm, at. 9:10 arrived another flix bus and like the previous times I ran out to the bus, checked and asked if this was the bus to Stockholm whose departure was delayed at 9:25 "yes yes that\'s correct" the bus driver answered ok ok so I have just 10 minutes to pick up my bag and adjust, even though it takes only a minute to pick up the bags at the cafe. "Other passengers flown into the bus they took water, so I thought of myself so I could get a good one space. When I had my bags on my back and in my hand, the bus drove while I was surprised to observe the driver I had just talked to and the bus I should have been with. was only 9:10 so it should still be a block for the bus heading for Stockholm, but despite the bus it took a block before the new departure time even after giving me and a handful of other passengers wondering that would go another quarter before it left the launch box. When I and the other passengers who had been cheated also called customer service for an explanation and a clear vision of returning a few money, we instead got a clear and cool answer "I should have used your iron to get on the train "if the other passengers can do it too well," and then he pretended to be angry. "It took a train 4 hours later so I reached the wedding but was not part of the police party, and had to pull an extra 600 kr up of the pocket to bring the rope', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "Please don't Flixbus.Here is my story. I booked a trip from Denmark to italy. I cancelled my booking the same day after few hours and got a voucher, which I must use it within 12 months. I called the costumer service and told them I want my money back, because I don't want to travel with bus. They said we can not help. you have to write in a contact form i our website and you will get an autoreplay as a confirmation of that we have recieved your email. I have sent 3 mails, no replay, no answers. I call them again and they say we can see the emails and we can see you did not get a confirmtion. I said ok send the confirmation now please, because it is my right as a costumer. They said no we can not, we can only notify that you have called as and we can see your emails. How can I be sure of that I will get my money back. I have no dokumentation of the three mails I have sent them. And they say we don't know how long time it will take before you hear anything from our company in germany maybe 4-5 weeks. 'OR NEVER'. According to their Purchase Terms and Conditions:9 Cancellation9.1 You can make a cancellation either by booking a different ticket (canceling and new booking) or not using the ticket and getting a subsequent reimbursement for it in accordance with 9.6. Drivers cannot change or cancel bookings for you.9.6 If a ticket for a trip is not used and in case that the carrier is according to 2.2 one of the FlixCompanies then the fare is reimbursed upon request along with the ticket, less a €15 processing fee per passenger and ride, insofar as the passenger cannot establish that no damages or damages for a lesser amount were incurred. The burden of proof for not using the ticket is on the passenger. They don't have costumerservice i Denmark and you call a number which you don't know in which country is. The costumer service is helpless and can't do anything for you. I will do everything to get my money back. When you have a website in Denmark, you must Follow the Danish legislation or close your company. Please don't use your money in this way. You can not trust them.", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'I rebooked for free via FB Mesenger because my bus was running later than the next available bus.WiFi login only works for smart people.Power outlet did not work.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Terrible company.I was supposed to travel from Brussels to Eindhoven to catch a flight.The bus was one hour late to departure without any explanation. They just sent a SMS informing of the delay at the time of departure.I called costumer service. It took forever to be answered. No appropriate solution was given. Even though I later spent money on a Uber to try and reach the airport, it was already too late. I lost my flight and ended up wasting a lot of money on a new plane ticket and a hotel night.Plus, there was no wifi available during the trip and the driving was quite bad involving going over sidewalks and almost crashing into other vehicules.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "Terribly unreliable company. Booked a trip to Uppsala for me and three others and then I received an email asking that they set both trips one day before departure. When I call their customer service, they only call one voice saying the number is not in use. All I want is to get my money back but I wonder how it should go when they do not even have a working customer service. The fact that they set up BOTH TRAVEL, without reasonable reason at such a short notice, makes me never ever book a trip by bus again and in addition, I will send me to the General Complaints Board in the near future, so that's really not going to be to.", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'On time and comfortable', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'Thank you! Comfortable and on time travel!', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'Pesimo service, I had to take a bus from Karlsruhe to Stuttgart (50 minutes) so I booked a ticket from 12h10 because my flight was at 3:10 pm but the bus was 3 hours late. That\'s why I lost my flight to Barcelona. Call customer service and what they told me was "send an email with your complaint, I hope you are lucky because I do not think you will be compensated for your lost flight, we could only return your bus ticket". My flight cost 130 euros and the bus 5 euros. Shame. This was yesterday, I will surely go to a lawyer because I send them the emails I have the evidence and it is unfair that they play like this with their clients and they are not responsible. Not even emails respond.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'i Purchased a 99 euro pass on interflix.flixbus on 15th of junemoney was paid though paypal gatewayi just one mail from paypal about receipt thats iti did not receive any voucher or mail from flixbus. also they say my mail id is not validalso paypal says my mail id is not vaildTHEY ARE LIER AND THIEFI WILL GET BETTER SERVICE AND CUSTOMER SATISFACTION IN MY COUNTRY INDIAFLIXBUS IS PATHETIC ...USELESS..PLEASE DO NOT GO FOR IT...SUCH A PATHETIC SERVICE AND POOOOOOOOOOR CUSTOMER CAREONCE THEY TAKE MONEY AND FORGET YOU FOR LIFELONG', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'It would have been better if the chair was more fluffy and comfortable. But if you can afford it and have this kind of service and convenience, you can use it further.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': "This is a terrible company. The bus driver wouldn't let me on the bus even though i had all my valid documents for the drive from Köpenhamn to Stockholm. He said I needed a passport even though my Swedish national ID card is fully accepted as a travel document (and the bus went to Sweden). So I followed their terms and conditions but they still denied me the ride.I contacted ther telephone support and they put all the blame on me instead of taking their responsibility. Besides I had to wait almost 30 minutes for them to answer my call. I couldnt even get an ansewer regarding if I would be reimbursed or what kind of expenses they would cover. I am currently spending the night att Malmö central station because there were no later travel options available. Whatever you do, never travel with Flixbus!", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "The staff was very kind. I liked him, and seat was good. But don't seat close to the toilet. You can smell of that always untill get your destination. It was not strong, but not good.", 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Horrible experience. I was left at the bus stop because (a) my bus arrived 20 minutes late with no signage of the destination (Munich), (b) the bus drivers could provide no information due to their lack of interest in helping and claimed inability to speak English, (c) no information could be provided by customer service or other drivers picking up from the stop about the status of my bus. Will not ride again...', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "Good service, clean, internet works very well, well organized just a little late in my case but that's not probably usual.", 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'So, I think this might be the WORST transport company I ever had to deal with - my story is like this:I booked a trip for Stockholm to Gothenburg and return for June 24-27th 2017.First - something happened with the site while paying for my tickets so I got double charged for the same trip. No matter how many times I called and how many mails I wrote - explaining it\'s a double payment made due to a site error, there was no way to get a refund for it. Once I got an email from the customer service confirming that they checked my case and I\'ll get a refund. But no money back. When I asked again what\'s going on - every time a different person form customer service answered there is no way to get my money back for the double payment - only cancel one booking and get the stupid voucher. Second - and the most stupid - 2 hours before my trip I got sms and mail from Flixbus stating that my "booked ride was cancelled with a short time of notice" and call some number for finding alternatives. 2 HOURS BEFORE!!!! Actually they couldn\'t find any alternatives because there was no other bus going to my direction that day. I had to deal with this by myself, with no refund and no other compensation.Again, when asking for a refund, they told me to write another email to customer service. Brief, till today no answer and no refund for a trip cancelled by Flixbus, only an this email "Delays mostly occur due to external factors, such as weather conditions, last minute changes of bus stops or congestion. We can therefore not be held responsible for such matters." So, they are not responsible for canceling a trip?? Who is then?? And how can I get my money back?Not to mention that they didn\'t bother to let me know the trip was cancelled both ways. They confirmed the return trip and only by calling them the day before I found out this was canceled too, no one from Flixbus bothered to let me know I actually payed for nothing.So, as long as I don\'t have any conversation partner, they take no responsibility for canceling bookings I payed for and I don\'t see any money back, I call this thievery. They just stole my money at this moment.Dear travelers, please stay away from Flixbus - don\'t put your money in it. You risk to pay for nothing other than calls to customer service for trips that are not happening. You risk your nerves and putting yourself in the situation of quickly finding a more expensive way to get to your destination. They are not reliable, there\'s no responsible person to talk to (call center people are ok but they have no ways and no power to help).Avoid FLIXBUS!!! Worst service and attitude towards customers I\'ve ever met.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "A disaster. I had reserved seats from Heidelberg to Frankfurt airport to catch a flight. Twenty minutes before departure time a text told me the bus would be fifty minutes late. Then another announced it would be one hour and twenty five minutes late. I had to buy fast train tickets (ICE) at €25 each to get to the airport on time. Asked for a refund on Flixbus website by email and never even got a reply. If a service like this is time dependant to you don't use Flixbus.", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "1) Our bus, had plugs but these were not working. And it wasn't just ours, as we asked other people seating near us as well.2) No wifi on board even though our route was not mentioned as a route with no wi-fi3) Toilet's water was broken and we could not use the toilet. As a result the driver did JUST ONE extra stop before even exiting France and no other stop for using a toilet.It was a really bad journey, which dissapointed us very much, considering the great name and reviews we got from the internet and friends on their experience with Flixbus.", 'stars': '2'}
{'review': "Worst customer service I've experienced in this industry! Next time I'm taking the red ticket.", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Extremely poor service and infinitely long response time - Up to 4 weeks before you can get your money back due to server errors that have resulted in double bookings. Their app is even worse than their website, which is also not too good. I have written and written but rarely get answers or any solutions and have not yet seen the 800 kr they owe because of a server error that has made them have withdrawn the money 3 times ... so it could definitely be better', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Great first experience. I would definitely use it again and again for traveling purposes.', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'There was no option on the bus to get any beverages and the like and no time to buy anything on the road neither as bus never stopped longer than 10 minutes on the road. Also there should be an option to reserve a seat.', 'stars': '3'}
{'review': 'Punctual Clean fast . Recommended.', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'Cheap tickets but they booked on my trip without notice 4 days before the trip. When the bus I was taken was canceled due to "operating problems" I was instead booked in on a bus that departs 4 hours later! It does not seem like I\'ll be able to get my money back either. Avoid this company and book with a more reliable company instead!', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'It was punctual and the driver was very friendly. He even stopped for a 30 minute rest stop break. However the bus was semi-clean (trash left by previous passengers) and there was no wifi at all on the coach. However, I would still recommend this to a family member or friend. The price is very affordable!', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'I love flixbus, will definitely use it again when i am in europe. I can see many places thats not in my route', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': "What an awful service. Avoid by any means necessary. The service is absolutely crap. They are alway 2+ hours off schedule. Do yourself a massive favor and don't spend a dime on these people.", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Extremely rude bus driver. We brought snacks because we weren\'t able to eat the whole afternoon and thought that it will be okay because there is nothing stated on the FAQS on their website that food is not allowed. While trying to eat we were approached by the bus driver who shouted at us that we are not allowed to eat because we are inside a bus not a restaurant. He shouted that people are getting sick because of the smell of our food when we were eating burgers at that time which wasn\'t smelly at all. It was fine if we were not allowed but he did not stop there and even continually ranted for a few minutes then threathening us that we should leave the bus when right there and then we already stopped eating and was trying to put back our food inside our bags. I told him that we did not know about it and he shouted "STOP!", thus rudely interrupting me while I was explaining. He then proceeded to go to the microphone telling everyone that we are not allowed to eat asian or japanese food or any sort of food. When was it not allowed to eat when you are travelling for almost 3 hours? When did this become an issue? Me and my companion were absolutely humiliated and is now discouraged to ever book with this company again.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Great: Cheap, timely, clean, professional (and not crowded): all you need to go from A tp B. Many thanks to the Flixbus team for their great work!!!! Will use it again', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'Fast, reliable trip, and friendly driver and coach aboard, and half a price compared to national train line to the same destination.', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'Warning for Flixbus. They may even fail to provide a bus with a driver for a booked trip. 2 times they left for a trip without explanation and announced this only after waiting for hours. The customer service is in Germany and believe me, there are nicer places to call, extremely arrogant. It was a big mistake to order a trip from them. Great warning for the company !!!!!', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'This is my first journey with Flixbus, good clean vehicle, punctuality, good driving, overall very good experience.', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'Its my advice to all choose flixbus for a comfortable and very cheap journy.Thanks flixbus...', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'Do Not Use Flixbus!My friend and I bought round-trip tickets from Innsbruck to Bolzano. We arrived 15 minutes before the bus was scheduled to depart; we waited 2 hours, and the bus never came. Another Flixbus driver called the company and was told that the bus arrived and no one was waiting, so it left. Unless it was more than 15 minutes early, this is simply not true (and if it was more than 15 minutes early, it should have waited). We have been unable to get a refund, so we spent 44 euros for a trip that never happened. Use a different bus company; Flixbus is crooked.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'I booked with Flixbus for an overnight service from Karlsruhe to Prague because it was the only direct bus on that day departing late enough for me to catch at the end of a business trip. Booking went smoothly, I got several confirmations by e-mail, the latest one at the morning of tdeparture. However, approximately two hours before the planned departure, I received an SMS informing me (with a very formal apology) that the bus was cancelled, that I have been transferred to an alternative route and that all additional information has been sent to me by e-mail. Since I do not own a smartphone, I had no way to access my e-mail, so I had to phone the non-stop service line of Flixbus. It took two attempts to be connected to a (very polite!) English-speaking assistant, and then some effort to persuade her that repeated sending of the e-mail won´t help me and that I really need at least the time of departure, service No and, most importantly, my individual code over the phone. Why couldn´t they send this information in the original SMS??Moreover, itr turned out that the alternate route involves an almost two hours stopover at Frankfurt in the middle of the night (departure 00.15). The bus was late for both parts of the journey - approx. an hour for the first (there I at least got an SMS announcing a 40 min delay due to heavy traffic) and about half an hour for the second (no info from the company) .Both in Karlsruhe and in Frankfurt the boarding took place (and the travellers had to wait!) at a place that fell deep below the standards of a small town bus stop e.g. of the 1980ies Czechoslovakia , which at least usually had a shelter, something to sit on, and a public toilet, or at least some useable bushes  nearby. The toilet of the Karlsruhe bus station was out of service, and walking the 600m to the closet loo at the Frankfurt main station before midnight through a building site frequented by some shadowy figures was not a pleasant experience!. Green busses seemed to be coming at random times and stopping at random places, resulting in the crowd of passengers running around (with all luggage) to find out whether this happens to be their connection. I do not wish to imagine what would the place look like in continuous heavy rain!While the ride itself was OK, I would have been more than happy to pay more in exchange for a better service at stops. At least in Frankfurt it would perhaps be worth investing into an info-screen in the window of the Flixbus office at the bus stop to announce incoming buses.  I also frankly do not understand why FlixBus decided that people who are not all the time online deserve to be treated as second class citizens.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Nice trip safe and punctuation', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': "I've done a lot of coach travelling in the past and this was the first time I used Flixbus from Ghent to London. They are without a doubt the worst company I've ever had the misfortune to use. They left me stranded in Belgium when I had conflicting messages from their text service which stated my coach was late and the customer service team who told me it had already left. I had to book another coach with EuroBus (who have never let me down) and find accommodation for one more night.I've been trying to get a refund for almost a month now and I've heard nothing. I've tried to talk to someone in their customer service team and all that happens again and again is I get put on hold for over 15mins until I get fed up that I put down the phone (or on the odd occasion the line goes dead).DO NOT USE AT ALL COSTS.", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Due. Errors on the company website - which stated that orders did not go through, I was charged for double ticket. The company denied that the error was with them and paid out the full amount. I can not recommend this company.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "This is the first time I have booked through flixbus but the service is very poor. While entering voucher and making the payment using card, I could not book it and it showed continuous error for two hours. And when I called and booked it through phone,obviously  I it was an international call n there is no toll free no,the call charge and the extra charge of the ticket I paid. After the booking was confirmed over call, I checked the same bus price and which was as low as 23.5 EUR. Unfortunately I paid more than 26 EUR and again the extra charges of call just because there was error in app or website. Can't be error with my card because same card was used over call n it was successful.This overall experience was annoying and took 3 hours of my time.", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Have only taken Flixbus once: from Presov (Slovakia) to Budapest, and was totally pleased.  Online booking was easy; the bus operated on schedule; the driver was friendly and professional; baggage handling was easy and supervised; and above all the bus was wonderfully comfortable: excellent seat, good air conditioning and a very smooth ride.  I would readily take Flixbus again.', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'Good online ticket-shop. Large fleet. Clean and punctual service.', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'The bus is so comfortable and clean the driver was nice', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'Love the service, everyone is helpful and approachable. The bus ride is comfortable and on schedule.', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'I had a great experience travelling with Flixbus. The busses are very punctual. It was also really convenient to have plugs under the seats to be able to charge your phone etc.', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'I do not recommend. Regular hourly delays. Zero and arrogant customer service. Whatever is better than this company.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Great ride! The bus driver was awesome and the bus was clean!', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'delay forever and no notice to passenger. And you will never know will the bus come or not.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'We reached our destination on time, that was really important.The rude drivers were really annoying during the trip.', 'stars': '3'}
{'review': "I used Flixbus regularly between Antwerp and Utrecht. While they're service was always poor, it used to be acceptable given the price. Lately however, Flixbus appears to have given up any pretense of being on time. I'm usually delayed by around one hour, and this for a trip that's supposed to take 1:45. Recently I was delayed by over 2 hours, didn't get any notifications from Flixbus, and couldn't reach the customer service despite waiting in their call queue for over 30 minutes. Cheap prices and good buses, sure, but their customer service is as bad as it gets.", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'highly recommended! clean busses, friendly drivers, low fares!', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'First time with Flixbus.  Will always travel in the future with Flixbus if a transfer is needed.  Well done Flixbus!!', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': "Left 50 passengers stranded at Victoria's station yesterday. Bus to Düsseldorf due to leave at 20.30 was cancelled at 23.40. Bus was supposed to be at 20:30 yesterday evening. At 20:25 passengers were told it was delayed for 40 mins. Then they were told 2hrs 5mins. Then at 23:40, after all their staff had left, received text messages saying the bus had been cancelled. Leaving everyone stuck  in London with no way of getting to Germany to catch onward connections. To make matters worse, the total lack of any customer service by them led to a whole busload of passengers being stuck overnight in London. I have missed a long distance flight connection. The cancellation email told us to call customer services to rearrange, but they had all gone home at 11:30, as had the lone rep at the bus station. She did a runner before we found out it was cancelled. The company also failed to provide food, drink and assistence that they are legally required to do after a delay of three or more hours. 24 hour help line not even answered!DISGRACEFUL  DISGRACEFUL", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'New spacious buses, internet through whole journey and overall very comfortable ride.', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'decent treatment and very little friction.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'When I booked, website didn\'t work.During booking with CS agent, forgot to book my return journey.. hence ended up paying extra service fee.Threw non existent options at me when I missed a connecting bus.Promised resolution in 2 weeks and 3 have gone by...Language consists of "will revert soon", "cannot promise when we will reply, but asap"', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "Arrogant and racial staff. Used only German language inspite of knowing English well and that two on international service. On reminding says don't argue or will not allow you to board", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'I\'ve made this Berlin Paris return journey twice now and the only thing I wish is next time to be able to book enough in advance to be able to afford plane tickets. NO MORE BUS! I really never write reviews but this is too much the German drivers are SOOO RUDE they shout at people like we\'re cattle - literally! They seem to have completely forgotten that the people they transport are CUSTOMERS WHO PAY THEIR SALARIES! They sometimes try to make a few jokes at the beginning of the travel but good luck understanding it\'s only in German. This "sympathy" doesn\'t compensate their rudeness at all in my opinion. - Don\'t put any fragile items in you bag going in the lock it will be (every time) thrown literally on the floor and in/off the lock as a piece of garbage in the trash - and they\'re very likely to throw bags on top of yours. - I write this as we just went out for a 5min break and in the middle of the break someone was walking a bit too far for the driver\'s (or should I say Kommandant?!) taste. The driver went completely mad and shouted at him to come back (I guess, German again...) and cancelled the break for everyone shouting all passengers to get back on the bus. "no brain, no break" ("kein kopf" that\'s all I understood with my bad German level) - And last but not least... Don\'t forget your ID it\'s been twice now I see people getting denied the access to the bus. Story#1: Tears, shouting, familiy stuck at the Paris bus station at 9pm with no care, rudeness, and no compassion whatsoever. No solution offered for them either for where to spend the night, they are left on the street just because one person amongst 6 have no proper ID?! But they have loads of papers, they paid their tickets, they have small babies, they look totally desperate and the only thing you find is to shout at them in German and a few English words?! "NO PASSPORT NO BUS!".... Honestly after that you leave and make jokes? Personally as a passenger I feel awful and disgusted to be in this bus, leaving Paris with a family in tears on the parking. Story#2: leaving Berlin this time. They made a woman cry again. She is pregnant and she has a ticket but apparently not the right ID?! It last about 15 minutes of shouting at her and her crying. Everyone is kind of boarding, she\'s going to be left in the evening at the bus station. Fortunately a girl speaking German starts being on her side and shout at the driv-Kommandant and they all finally realised that she - as a EU citizen - has the right to travel in this bus and her ID papers are enough. She finally got in the bus... Lucky EU passport... NOW SERIOUSLY GUYS YOU ARE ONLY BUS DRIVERS MENT TO BRING PEOPLE FROM POINT A TO POINT B. Although I understand you are responsible for the security and respect of the rules of the company, being human shouldn\'t be an option.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Great and highly recommendable to everyone', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'Everything is satisfactory. Seat reservation should be possible. Nice travel', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'My experience with 3 hr ride was really good with the bus. I would recommend to try it out.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'I liked the schedule, the pricing, the comfort of the bus, the drivers were super professional, application and emails from customer service were very helpful.', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'Amazing services and reliability. Flixbus proved to be economical, comfortable and value for money!  Whenever I am in Europe again Flixbus will be my first choice.Aparna SinghIndia', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': "Flixbus, more like flakebus. My father had a flixbus from Amsterdam to Brussels at 3 pm, he then had to catch a train from Brussels to London. The flixbus never showed up! We waited for 1.5 hours and when the bus finally did show up the driver very rudely told everyone that the bus wouldn't leave till 5:30. I didn't receive any text or update from Flixbus till 5 pm, so late so we had no idea what was going on. There is absolutely no info or customer service available. The bus was 1.5  late arriving as well. Horrible service, unreliable buses, save your money and time and book other services like Ouibus that are on time and the bus drivers aren't rude and flippant. Never booking FLixbus again!", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'The bus is very comfortable, the time management was so good, and the driver has good skill.', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'It was a nice, comfortable trip but we arrived almost an hour later in Prague.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Just worked perfectly', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'Very great service! Clean bus and smooth drive from Krakow to Poland. Would definitely recommend.', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'I think it was crazy smart one could book through an APP until I found out both of their reservations limited as well as cancellation is bug cumbersome. One can easily book a room if you are in good time (there were 888 more flexible with more seats) However, if you cancel your booking, you can only get a proof of payment for a start - where they deduct an amount - fair enough but when you have to return your money, they are hard-hitting! There is no information on how to get your money back - but after a long wait on the phone to someone very bad and sure people get a miserable guide and you are informed that it costs a fee to get their money back! After over a week - no reply via emal - other than a German aotub confirmation - I will call in again and after 20 minutes of purchase I will know that the payment will take 4 weeks! VERY BAD SERVICE !!!', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Poor experience, unacceptable and rude. We bought two Geneva-Lyon tickets and another Lyon-Barcelona connection. The first bus delayed two hours arrived in Lyon and logically we had lost the next connection. We made a claim to customer service they justified themselves saying that we had to make the purchase with more than two hours of difference between one and another bus and regrettable could not return the money because it was not their fault. We lost our trip, I worked that day and money. No one is responsible for the mistakes they make. I would never travel with them again. It is worth mentioning many very annoying people that day for so much irresponsibility. This was on May 23, 2017.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Very simple to book, check in easy. Network of travel to destinations outstanding.', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'Good and cheap company', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': "27/4 I and another woman were rejected in Copenhagen by an arrogant and sour driver on the grounds that driving licenses are not sufficient to Oslo. Had to book a new ticket for the next departure where no passport was required. The Swedish grassroots police were completely unaware of the bus company's behavior as there is Scandinavian passport. Have written and painted and called Flixbus without any kind of reply or refund of lost tickets for a value of 700 kr. This is the first and last time I travel with Flixbus.", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'This company needs to be upfront regarding  luggage cost!  Hidden pricing!! When making reservation there needs to be place to enter to pay additional for luggage more than 24"!!! If we hadn\'t had cash to pay extra $20 driver demanded for oversized luggage (standard travelling size) we would have not been able to go.  24" is only overnight luggage and most have larger than that so it needs to be stated clearly upfront with selection to pay total real cost upfront!!!  With the luggage charge, it makes no sense value wise to take flix bus as train much more comfortable with bathrooms and ability to walk around so trains way better deal!!! Our driver from Leipzig to Munich was rude, yelling at us to get off the bus when stopped for break.  Never again!!!', 'stars': '2'}
{'review': "Zero charging ports. Bus driver can't speak English even though he has to service England. WiFi doesn't work if more than two people connect to it you cannot connect to it. Just ridiculous, was super late as well.", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Very good ride and service.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': "I'm taking the time to write this review while on vacation. I hope it helps prevent others from going through the same horrible experience that I went through with Flixbus.It all began on a Monday, when my wife and I missed our bus. The Paris Flixbus depot is just a make shift parking lot with no numbers, no announcements, the only thing around are a bunch of people aimlessly wandering around looking for their bus like a zombie apocalypse. Anyways, We miss the bus because we couldn't figure out where the bus was.  We go to the little temporary shed/booth that's 20 meters from the entrance and tell the attendant our situation. She tells us the only thing we can do is call customer service. We call customer service. They explain to us that there is nothing they can do with their system and that if we want to rebook we need to e-mail.We e-mail. We receive an e-mail back an hour later, in the fine print it states that it may take several days for them to review our e-mail. After reading that we called back and had to demand to speak to a manager and tell them that we needed to rebook for the next bus (which was the next day). The manager hooked us up with a voucher for 89.00 euro (our tickets were 120.00 euro, but thats fine). We get our ticket.THE NEXT DAY ON THE N100 TO BERLIN...June.5th Monday 2017 21:00.  We make sure this time to run around the parking lot checking every single bus that pulls in and out. Our bus gets in and about 50 people run up to it. There's no line up, no organization. Just the bus driver yelling at everyone in German. We it comes to our turn the bus driver screams at us about the painting we have with us (which is in cardboard) It was 24X30X2 inches. We didn't understand what he was screaming was that we weren't allowed to bring it with us. We offered to pay extra and he REFUSED that it comes with us. I observed a bicyles, a guitar case, and other odd thing but our painting wasn't allowed for some reason. After both my wife and I beg and pled we finally asked if the painting was removed from the frame if it could come (there was no glass btw, very simple wood frame). He kind of nodded his head. So we remove the frame. At this point every one is on the bus with their luggage. He looks at the canvas and scoffs saying it's still not good enough. He gets on the bus, now our luggage was on board too underneath everyone else so the driver didn't want to get our luggage. He was going to drive off with it. A woman handed us a knife and we had to cut out painting off the wood on its back and roll it up. My wife was crying as she watched me be forced to destroy our painting. (Her deceased family member painted it in the 1930's)Everyone was on the bus watching in horror, a few people asked the driver to just let us bring our painting. He didn't care. When we finally got to Berlin as people got off the bus they started to get their own luggage. The driver yelled some more and started LEGIT throwing peoples bags off the bus. Completely horrible customer service. No compassion or humanity. The whole thing felt comparable to a scene out of a jail movie.", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Very nice comfortable coaches. Good SMS communication.Easy booking process and useful icket with location data on it,', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'Travel took place during the specified time-frame. Staff was friendly and the coach was comfortable. Provision of power sockets would be a very welcome improvement.Will repeat, for sure.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Paris to Toulouse tripIt would be better if all the bus display the destination. A few buses do not have the display making the passengers confused with which bus should they embark. It will also be better if there is a particular stop or sign showing the bus will stop at which lane. All the passengers are going back and forth the Parking to find their bus.', 'stars': '3'}
{'review': "Drivers rude and non-cooperativeAny kind of safety control on who will take the bus and what they carry inside for example , you will find there  since delinquents to undocumented rude and unpolite people , I've seen in a bus how some kind of undesirable people threatened hardly two little girls who were asking for a bit of silent and respect in a 12 hours overnight trip Think in another means of transport before doing flixbus", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Punctual,clean but no seat number on the tickets.You may change your seat several times because majority of other people have the seat numbers', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': "Cheap, but not very comfortable. Anyway, I'm going to take this bus next time.", 'stars': '5'}
{'review': "I was travelling from Dresden to Leipzig to Frankfurt on June 2nd 01.00 A.M with the direction towards Saarbrucken. The details are as mentioned below.Line N67, destination Schiphol Airport 01.06.17, 20:45 Dresden Hbf (Bayrische Straße) → Leipzig Hbf (Goethestraße) Line N13, destination Saarbrücken 02.06.17, 01:00 Leipzig Hbf (Goethestraße) → Frankfurt (gara centrală).I have lost my black baggage with brand Paklite written on it. By mistake I took another person's baggage which was also of the same brand and model. There is a tag (easyjet flight tag) on the baggage which is mentioned with the name as Jang/Yuna. Please if someone has lost their black baggage please mention to Flixbus with this details and ask them to contact me as soon as possible. It was a mistake from my side and please find out whether there is a bag of the same model so that I can get my bag as soon as possible. I have already lodged a complaint with Flixbus by sending them a Lost and Found form.", 'stars': '3'}
{'review': 'Bus was on time, very clean and with comfortable seats.  Wifi worked very well and the driver was very good.  Great value for money too.', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'IF YOU DON\'T WANT TO MISS YOUR HOLIDAY, FORGET ABOUT FLIXBUS!!!I supposed to spend my weekend in Antwerpen and I ordered the ticket from Amsterdam to Antwerpen. That is the start of mistake! The bus driver denied my boarding after check in my ticket. The reason is that Dutch ID card is not valid unless I have the passport combine with my Dutch ID card. I was shocked, since I never bring my Passport for bus traveling especially such short distance trip between Belgium and The Netherlands. Then I showed the driver my passport copy combined with my ID card. He still not allowed me onboarding the bus. He said "For you it is not okey." I knew he just want to find a reason to deny my boarding and ruin my holiday. And the driver said, "Get away from here! I dont want to talk to you! This is The Neterlands, you have to follow the rule!" Are you kidding me? The way they treat their clients are super rude. I am not your child. I lived here over five years, and this is really my first time angry about the client service. The funny part is after half an hour, the other flixbus stopped by and asking the customers to show the ID card OR passport to onboard the bus. So? Why can\'t I onboard? Because of my skin color? You racist company Flixbus! Never again!', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "I had a journey from Hamburg to Rust. Bus came at Hamburg port before time. During boarding, I did not get any token for my luggages. I asked the driver how can I be assured that my luggage will not be picked by someone else. Driver told me you can check at each station by coming down of the bus. And I don't think they have any insurance policy for luggage.The wifi was good for nothing. You can't open a single page on browser. Bus arrived at destination 30 mins late.During our return journey, bus reached to the destination one hour late.Their check in process was good and their smartphone app is very helpful. Seats were comfortable and clean.", 'stars': '3'}
{'review': "Terrible experience. My whole suitcase got lost. The driver told us not to bring any luggage in the bus cause he said the bus was full. Turns out FLix doesn't take any responsibility for the lost!!!! NEVER TRAVEL WITH THIS COMPANY!!!!", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'The bus driver was friendly, departure and arrival were right on schedule and the bus was clean, spacious, and comfortable! We enjoyed our trip and would definitely use FlixBus in the future.', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'Flixbus were easy to book on-line from overseas, kept in contact with emails a few days before we used them and gave the opportunity to change or add details such as mobile contact number. All this was good for first time travelers who were nervous about how the bus system works in Europe.. The bus arrived on time and the driver took a little time to work out our ticket and names finally confirming them with his phone app.  The driver opened the luggage storage compartment and we had to put in our suitcases with out help.  We left seven minutes before the timetabled 15:30.  The bus was rather dirty with empty drink bottles and other snack packages  littered on some of the seats which was a little disappointing.  No announcement was made when we arrived at Mullhouse but the central train station name announced that we had arrived at our destination. It was a good experience but could have been better.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': "I traveled from Dusseldorf,Germany to Frankfurt Airport Terminal 2 on 15 May 05:50 AM, Monday . My Booking is #8038314686 Connection X28 Direction Munich central bus station. Actually this is regarding a laptop backpack that I forgot inside bus cabin on that day of travel.I have called Flixbus customer care within the moment I left my bag inside the bus and bus left the station but flixbus customer care suggested me to complain online instead of giving me the bus route and location of the bus or contacting the bus Driver. Bus left the station infront of me when I remembered I forgot my bag inside the bus.I called Flixbus hotline number at the same time and informed them that I forgot my bag in the bus,  They assured me that I just need to raise lost and found form on flixbus.com and I will receive my bag. If they would have been pro-active that day they would have called the driver at the same time and informed him about my bag in the bus cabin. I would have received the bag by now. Unfortunately they didn't inform the bus driver and it resulted in overall frustration for me.Since I was having my flight back to India same day, so I have complained about it on flixbus website and by calling flixbus customer care on 15th May only. It has been more than two week now but I am yet to hear anything from customer care and still waiting for the bag. Customer care reply on facebook page is good but I am still unable to retriev my bag.Overall it was a bad journey that resulted in financial loss and mental frustration.", 'stars': '2'}
{'review': 'Cost effective, punctualImprovement area: WiFi speed', 'stars': '3'}
{'review': 'Quick and easy way to travel', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Great travel and very comfy seats at flixbus/ indeed they are very punctual so be in time #bonus is a great Wi Fi onboard', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'The ride was comfortable and clean. The station had no shelter or place to sit. Luckily it was a sunny day and my luggage can hold my weight.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': "I would never ever take this bus again! My trip got delayed by 17hours! Got stuck in Brussels for 7h, had to spend a night on the streets, because flix bus customer service haven't offered any help. The customer service lady promised to call me back with the solution and she never did. The bus drivers were not helpful either. Eventually, I got through to them, the only solution that they could offer was another bus which meant my trip will take14h longer than it supposed to. She refused to pay for my train ticket as it was over 80€. Not having any other option, I agreed to take the other bus -  Brussels - Nuremberg. The lady did not motioned that I had to wait for another bus in Stuttgart for another 4hours. So I have waited there for 4hours, when I received the message that the bus will be late. The bus was late around 3h...  So in total I waited for 7 hours in Stuttgart!  So instead of 18hours, my trip took around 38hours. What a customer service ! Never ever again!", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'i had a bus from groningen to berlin which arrived 90 minutes late and had no wifi when it advertised as having so. the bus back from berlin to groningen arrived 60 minutes late but had no real traffic during the journey.They really need to update their estimated arrival times. We had no real traffic and still way off the schedule in both directions. Maybe they know if they state the true length of their trips that less people buy tickets?', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Directions to boarding bus stop could be better for someone who is new to city.Like for my second trip... Returning from florance to Milan I missed my bus. I was their at florance railway station running around for 15 mins asking for directions to bus stop and then missed the bus by a minute.Thankfully second bus was an hour later I booked it. But if directions to bus stop in Florence were better I would have got my first bus and not had to pay twice.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': "The first time the bus arrived after an hour and I was told that the bus driver just fell asleep and they had to send someone else , that's why we had to wait out in the cold for an hour . We didn't get any money or an extra ticket or something of course... the next time there was a delay they didn't bother to tell us why they just came 1 hour later without any notice (a message or something). I missed my flight but they didn't seem to bother anyway. The third time my elderly parent take the bus to go to the airport. It was supposed to be on time but of course it wasn't. So my father kindly asked because he thought  he will miss the flight . Of course the driver didn't answer in English so he said that I speak German and if it was possible to talk to me then he will be grateful. The driver was rude und said he didn't want to speak to anyone! So my father didn't know if he will be on time if he will get his flight and of course what happens next . Thanks flxbus that was the last time I will go anywhere with you ! First learn your drivers to speak right and be on time and then I will think about it to say anything nice about this company.", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Very good experience - I will repete it.', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'Very nice working, but a little more information here and there could be useful (especially for people who is not speaking the local language).', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'I travelled with Flixbus Stockholm-Copenhagen and back 10 days ago, and I enjoyed every minute of my trip. The busses were very clean, drivers kind and overall experience very pleasant. Wifi worked well, although I would make it unlimited. Great value for money! Thank you! Highly recommended!', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'Smooth and safe driving.Wi-fi barely works.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': "Second time flixbus came later on 50 minutes. This time they gave bus from Prague to Warsaw with drivers that couldn't find stops in the cities. If you have possibility to use other companies would be better not to use flixbus", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'I traveled on FlixBus from Venice to Ljubljana on Wednesday, May 24th.  The coach arrived on time and loaded the luggage efficiently and then took off. The ride was smooth, and we got to Ljubljana perfectly on time. The interior was clean and comfortable. I would strongly recommend FlixBus to everyone', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': "Can't fault it. Cheap travel, free wifi and arrived at destination early!", 'stars': '5'}
{'review': "The bus was over 2 hours late, no apologies whatsoever were recieved. Plus, they haven't notified us until the bus was already late for approx. 20 minutes. In addition, I've left an item on the bus (and it wasn't something a person would take, nothing valuable) and Flixbus staff sent me an e-mail saying they haven't found it. I've talked to soooo many people who had the same experience - nothing was ever found, which sounds extremely exaggerated.The worst experience ever.", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Sometimes cheaper than the competition, but the service leaves much to be desired. I traveled 3 times with them and the drivers were all rude. One of them barked literally on the travelers ...', 'stars': '2'}
{'review': 'I recommend flixbus. They have a very good Staff. Quick, reliable.', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'Easy to buy, comfortable and practical.', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'The service was very good, the bus was clean and quite new. The drivers were good. Wi-fi was provided. Cheap price for a good service from bergamo airport to genoa with only one very short stop at Milano. Therefore I would use again and suggest it to other people. Only one negative for my experience: They have to fix a stop bus (a sheltered one) and there is NO sign at all where the bus stop is outside the Bergamo airport. They need to fix that immediately.', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'It was a good trip with a very capable driver, he tried his best to get us to our points on time and with caution, we would just like it to be more friendly for disabled passengers then it will be good but will definitely use the service again.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Heloo i travel whit flix  bus from mmemingen to berlin  and from berlin to copenhagen  WARNING!!!!!! The drivers are hand in hand whit a group of thiefs thei are 3 or 4 that get in the bus  and go to the first stop and  com back whit other drivers   in berlin zob  are another 4 guys  thei small  dark colour and speacking   maracon or arabic   1 stays at the dor  whit a supose tiket and the others stai on the left of the dor and thei wach  when the driver asks for your id  thei see your whalet and the money that you have   be careful  if you whant dont belive me but i am an  ex fast intervention oficer  for 10 years i know what i am sayng   JUST BE CAREFUL IS HARD IN ANOTHER COUNTRI WHIT NO DOCUMENT  SO SAFE TRYP AND F.UCK THIS COMPANI  THE DRIVERS  THAT ARE WHIT THE GRUP THEI ARE DRIVING ME TOADAY 14.05.2017 FROM BERLIN TO COPENHAGEN  THE BUS TO STOCKHOLM   I AM SRY FOR MY ENGLISH I HOPE YOU UNDERSTAND', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "bus was supposed to depart at 8am but bus driver did not show up till 9:20am. no answer at help line nor notice on the website. driver didn't give explanation for being late 1.5 hour. overall the drive was smooth. the only complaint o would have is about the departure time and lack of communication to customer. it'll be terrible if someone has a flight to catch", 'stars': '3'}
{'review': 'The bus arrived on schedule. The driver was nice and helpful.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Not recommended for a planned trip. Is unreliable. Never FlixBus anymore.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Dear SirI would like to thank you for the excellent service provided by you from Siena to Tiburtina station. The bus route was smooth and arrived 10 min. earlier that the scheduled timetable.! Very good! Also before we departed from Siena, i spoke with the driver about my medical condition and he help me a lot. He gave me a bag for vomiting and instructions what to do in case that i faced an emergency. He was speaking very good english and very helpful. I would use your bus services the next time that i will arrive in Italy and i will recomended to my friends. Excellent bus service and very friendly staff!!George Avraam', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'Very good service, there is a commercial that speaks Spanish (Spanish), very competitive prices, very good punctuality on the way back, there were problems with the internet, but I would recommend it to everyone. We bought for two days, four people, Dresden-Prague and Dresden-Leipzig total 102.00 euros. I would like to receive the connections you have in Europe. Thank you.', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'I lost my backpack in a flixbus I put the claim immediately and no answer for the bus transportation yet!I call their call center and they told me that the only way they can answer is by email!', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Nice bus. Good driver. Only suggestion would be to ensure cabin temperature is comfortable or supply blankets like an airplane does. Was absolutely freezing overnight.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'So far so good. Very punctual and normally the seats are clean and ready for having someone for some hours. The internet should work better.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Just like you need', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Had a nice overall experience.I traveled with Flixbus from Brussels to Rotterdam, from Rotterdam to Paris and from Paris to Brussels. The toilet is nice, the seats are comfortable. There are sockets (although in one bus it only had for USB cables). The WiFi worked fine for messaging. The drivers spoke English and were willing to answer questions if there were any.Small downside: all the 3 buses were 5 minutes late.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Good bus. have internet and wall socket for charger. pretty comfortable ride.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': "Smooth and pleasent trip. Our Coach driver was really helpfull and friendly. Even though he admited he can't really speak English well but we are able to communicated well. Even after we have reached our destination.. He helped us to find a taxi cab for us as we are all 4 women travelling together abs it was only 4.30am. Sorry we.didn,t get his name though.", 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'THE TOILET HAS NO PAPER AND THE WATER WITH THE WATER WAS NOT INCLUDED', 'stars': '3'}
{'review': "I travelled first time with flixbus and as a person that hates buses  I couldn't be more satisfied. The drivers were very polite and ready to help even though we couldn't understand each other( they could speak only italian). Internet access and charging our devices change the whole game in travelling with bus. The bus was always on time and the drivers were very careful on the way. The only thing that I think need to add is that it would be nice if we could contact the driver in case of emergency. Yesterday I was in a ship to ancona but it was 2 hours late and thats why I lost my bus from Ancona to Verona for 10 minutes. If I could call the driver somehow the moment I step out of the ship maybe he could wait 10 minutes for me and the 4 more persons in the same situation that I was travelling with.  Except of that  everything else was great!!", 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'It was inexpensive, on time, and clean. Everything that was promised.', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': "They lost my backpack from Paris Porte Maillot (17.04.2017 22.45) to Frankfurt airport (18.04.2017 7.15) because might be someone took it in another city. I still don't understand what was happening.I argued with the drivers because his fault - not my fault!! were so rude and they didn't care about their mistake. U should have system to control the luggage - not only depend on passenger good willing.Kindly help to solve this problem as soon as possible.", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Good service', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Everything was fine apart from the few small things: there was a garbage in the seat pocket. Also the internet was not available.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': "it is a good option vs. train from Zurich to Munich, and for tourists who'd like to see the countryside, Flixbus provides great service.", 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Flixbus is very comfortable for travelling. I would suggest it for everyone.If some of the drivers change their attitude towards passengers it would be the best choice for travelling.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': "I departed on 14/04/2017 at 22:15 in bus N23 of this company, going from Essen to Berlin. Reservation num 8036801895When we stopped at Leipzig at 4:40 to change buses I was surprised that my backpack wasn't in the luggage compartment, where I was obligated to put it, and the driver Björn Borrmann said it was probably stolen. Just like that. Acting like this is a really common thing that happens everyday, he didn't care at all. I'm impressed how a trashy company like this can survive in Germany and how you don't give any help/assistance to a client that is in a really bad situation and it's your fault. Now I'm in Berlin with no clothes, camera and any of my belongings, needing to use the money I would use in the trip to buy all the basic stuff. And all I get when I call flixbus is a guy telling me to fill the Lost and Found form on the website.  I'm sending by email a police report I made at the Federal Police Station in Leipzig with the name of the driver, the company and all the lost items. I truly hope I'll be compensated for this nightmare and the clearly gross negligence of the driver and the company, cause I've never seen in any other country a client and his belongings being treated with such disregard. Hope you contact me with a solution very soon so I don't have to go for a lawsuit, and believe me, I will, I'm truly determined to get back what you lost.", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "It makes absolutely no sense that musicians should pay 9 euros to bring their instrument IN THE TRUNK. I was met by rude and very unfriendly staff, who wouldn't accept my guitar in the bus even though the bus was almost empty. And yes it would fit safely in the overhead storage. Then I had to pay 9 euros to leave it in with the other baggage. A guitar is no larger than a regular bag - just shaped differently, so why the hell does it cost so much even when the bus is empty and it was my only bag. Terrible staff, no will to communicate, only demonstrating their power starting our conversation with a really bad attitude and their will not to bring me onboard. You start your day happy and in a friendly tone but the personnel will bring you down. Stunned.", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Worst service ever! We had to wait at the bus stop in cold weather for 2  hours! Instead of reaching in afternoon we reached in the evening!There was no proper response from the customer service. No advance notification. This crap service must be avoided at all cost.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Been waiting from Rome to Naples almost 2 hours when finally the bus arrived went inside after an hour sitting there toilet on board does not work oh and they dont even talk about compensation', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'I am positively surprised, professional, clean and on time. Comfortable seats (although I was lucky and sat alone during the whole journey)...the internet was missing as the bus was brand new and they did not introduce it to this one yet... (which is by far only negative point)', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': "First time ever used Flixbus whilst on holiday in Montpellier. Experience of coaches in U.K. had put me off but this was fantastic. Super good value, amazing wifi and clean, modern comfortable bus which was on time. Can't recommend highly enough", 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'Convenient trip with affordable price', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': "I travelled from Frankfurt to London on 10th April. The bus had a connection at cologne south airport at 9.05 pm. It got delayed by 7 hrs and I got a message about a free travel coupon by flixbus. Which I have not yet received. This is a different issue but more importantly please read what happened that night.I must say this was a nightmare journey for me and all other passengers. I would briefly tell what happened:1. The bus was at 9.05 pm in the night. First we got a message that bus will be delayed by one hr. That was fine. Then after an hour we got message that delayed by 3.hrs. Then after another 2 hrs we got message that delayed by 4hrs 40mts, then got message that delayed by 6hrs 40mts and then got message that delayed by 6 hrs 55mts. So everyone lost patience, children of passengers crying etc. Can a bus get delayed by 7 hrs? Shouldn't have a new bus been arranged in this time?2. There was no provision for passengers stay arranged during this delay time. It was our luck that the pickup point was airport, so we got in and could somehow manage this time. Think of it was in some remote place or think of someone who is getting in from a remote pick up point.3. Heater not working in bus. Though it is April, but still at night it was cold enough and we required heater, but it was not working. 4. Toilet out of order in bus. Imagine people waiting whole night for the bus and then the heater not working and on top of it toilets also out of order. We were not able to use toilets till 12 noon, till we reached the checkpoint. I had office urgent meetings and had a bad face in office. I Had to apply for leave. Can surely say my worst ever journey of life. Who is going to compensate for all these.", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Flixbus or how to charge a trip twice !!! I have never seen a customer service as rotten as theirs! A refund system that does not work even 15 minutes before departure, of course we pay new tickets With the insurance of the seller on the spot that the refund is "a no-brainer". Oddly since we asked them the refund process more response despite the reminders. It\'s been 3 weeks since I asked for an answer and I have none. No wonder The note also low with such dishonest behavior!', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Great value for money; clean and efficient service; friendly and punctual.', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'My son had missed the 8pm bus from Amsterdam to London, but managed to buy a ticket for the next one at 9pm. Although he had the booking ref and his payment details he had no means to produce a copy of the ticket due to no access to phone or printer. The driver refused him entry to the bus, leaving him stranded alone in a strange city.Flixbus have actually refunded the unused tickets but will not compensate for all the additional transport costs to get him home. And they will not apologise for the distress caused. BEWARE.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "Have seen some negative views so thought I'd add a positive .. I booked a trip to Berlin, flew over but needed to get to London on return .. so booked Berlin to London (2 long hour trips!!) First Flixbus kiosk staff at Berlin Central Bus station were great and helpful. The bus arrived on time and was great , chargers available and free wifi ( it was an oversight drive but don't sleep easy so stayed awake !) .. arrived on schedule then caught next bus from Amsterdam to London (ran by Megabus) which again arrived on time (though free wifi was a bit hit and miss but that's an extra so can't critizise) and got me to London bang on schedule ..Would I use Flixbus again ? Yes", 'stars': '5'}
{'review': "Worst journey I've ever had, considering it was my first ever coach trip. From the beginning the bus arrived two hours late to Victoria and before we even took off we were informed the toilet were not in operation considering it was a 12 hour journey. The driver didn't seem to know the way out of central London so we spent near to an hour going around in circles until a passenger took it upon themselves to direct him. When we finally got towards the channel tunnel, the driver adviced us all to take a 15 minutes break but he decided to disappear and take a break for up to an hour leaving us all standing outside the coach looking like idiots and this caused us to miss our crossing towards France.No apologies were given and the driver didn't appear to give a s***t quite frankly. When we finally got to France, the driver took so long to exit the ferry train that we were shut in which caused us to be even more delayed. Enroute in France the driver decided to divert down a country road and to our shock he decided to drop a passenger off in front of their house claiming the lady had kids. When passengers decided to confront him about the situation he got on the microphone and blamed us all for the situation even though there was no form of communication from him at all. Over four hours in France and when a passenger asked if we could stop at the nearest service station the driver replied and announced in an unprofessional manner that we can all get off and use the toilet and if we want we can sleep in the toilets as he's got all day to spend. It is now 21:02 and so far we've been on this 12 hours journey for over 10 hours and we're not even half way yet. The service today has been absolutely appalling and if I could rate it below a one star I would. Every passenger on the bus feels the same way and as we've been treated like we were on a free ride, I would like to request all my money back as the service we've received today has not amount to the payment we've all made for this journey. Because of this terrible service I and many other passengers have missed connecting flights, trains, coaches and important appointments. I would never use this company again and I advice everyone else to stay away.", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "I booked tickets from Hamburg to flensburg, it supposed to be at 18.15, but the bus was late two hours. I always take extra time in case it's going to be late, but that much I didn't expect, no return money. In the middle of the bus station all passengers were freezing. And Flensburg wasn't my last stop because I had the bus at 22.08, unfornutely bus took us from Hamburg to Flensburg just at 20 o'clock. So I couldn't make it for my last bus to Denmark. I don't have any friends where I could probably stay until the morning. So I came to Flensburg at 22.30 and I didn't know what to do it was cold and late, by the way I'm a girl student. So you can understand I was hopeless. What do you think I suppose to do? I took a taxi and paid 55 eur to get to my home. FlixBus didn't care at all, I was telling them everything and no reaction. So if you have chance to take train or something else just don't take the FlixBus NEVER!!!", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'FLIXBUS left me, my old mother and my 9-year-old twins in a dark, closed and cold bus station in Hamburg in the middle of the night without giving notice. The other FLIXBUS drivers could see that there were no changes on this bus route, either delays or anything. But FLIXBUS never appeared - and we had to buy a train ticket home when the train station opened the next morning!', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "We were 2 Indians travelling from Paris to Utrech. He just asked us to show passport for Identity and I know it's his job. But he just ask only both of us not others, which seems odd. I think supposed to everyone for ID. I don't want to make any big issue with this. Otherwide ride was great, comfortable and I would like go with Flix bus again.Thanks", 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'My experience has not been good. / NOT GOOD EXPERIENCE1- The driver and his companion (especially the companion who was like a kind of guide or controller) was super antipatico and repellent.2- my friend was not allowed to go up because they said that the identity document that she presented It was valid, even having used this same document in other trips with this same company. He had to stay on land, lose the money from the ticket, and buy another train ticket with another company.3 Despite announcing by active and passive the use of free Wi-Fi available, I did not have access to it in the whole journey. From the minute 1 that I wanted to connect, I got a screen with: It has exceeded the time of free wifi.4 We arrived at our destination with 45 minutes of delay. And even going late, the driver paused to pick us up and another break of 30 minutes halfway. In short, NEVER AGAIN I will buy again with this company. I will NEVER MORE buy tickets with this company.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': '20 min later arrival and not very clean. But cheep and very convenient bus-stop location.', 'stars': '3'}
{'review': 'I had really super nice experience with Flixbus. Everything was ok and busdrivers were super nice.', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'Fast travel without pause. Courteous and punctual driver. The stop wearing jersey and massy are not very practical.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'I really enjoy taking Flixbus, the bus is comfortable and the drivers are really friendly and positive. I appreciate that they speak English very well and are willing to help with directions and give other suggestions when I ask.', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': "The bus itself was very modern and clean, the engine was quiet (you could see that the vehicle is new, it didn't make weird sounds like those of other companies do). The drivers very nice and helpful, they even waited a few extra minutes for me because I had forgotten my ID home and a friend was coming to bring it to me. The seats very comfortable, there are functional plugs everywhere. It is even better if you take the bus during the night, you don't feel as if it was an infinite trip even though it takes 7h. Would definitely use this company again!", 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'Recommend Flixbus to travel. On time arrival, departure, cleanliness in the coach and fast onboard Wi-Fi.', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'We had a last minute change of plans and found that the online service was prompt in responding to our queries and had catered to our needs. Very pleased we will use this service again. Bus journey was punctual and it was a very pleasant ride.', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'Excellent......would def ride again and again', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': "There is limit on internet, don't know how much it was. That was the only thing that I didn't liked, I was 4 or 5 hours without Internet on my trip.", 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'Plenty of room, friendly, on time. Go for it!', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': "I saw some negative reviews online and I was a bit worried about using Flixbus but I got a great rate from Munich to Innsbruck and it was a great experience. Everything went like clockwork and I was surprised at how much leg room the seats had (very comfortable), which was a stark contrast to my Deutsche Bahn bus trip a few days earlier where there was much less legroom. Having WiFi was also great although it obviously slowed down a bit once the bus hit the Alps. I was very happy with the experience and I wouldn't hesitate to use Flixbus again next time I am in Europe.", 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'Driver should know english and seat numbers should properly be allocatedThanks', 'stars': '3'}
{'review': "The internet does not work at all. The bus is a bit dirty, but you will have a nice time with the driver. He might be fun. The guy who checks the tickets might be a bit rude, so don't take it personally if he answers you with a bad comment.They are very punctual and you can travel safe.", 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Fantastic drivers, nice travel but WiFi off for 1/3 of the travel! Keep up the good work and try to improve on the internet connection side!', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'They arrived on schedule. They challenged me because my suitcase weighed much more than it should have, but it was raised the same way. Zero problems during the trip and I think we even arrived half an hour early. And the passage compared to the train and the plane is a gift.', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': "We use from Brussels to London. First arrived 45 minutes late. Despite having been waiting at the place described in the e-mail sent before, it was passed through there and was not picked up, so we asked the customer center for support along with other passengers (14 people in addition to me) It was. Originally it was right that there was correspondence such as arranging other bus or repayment immediately. However, the customer center who called the first and second cases did not accept it at all and the third event finally got arranged to the bus at the next hour. At that point 3 hours passed since the original departure time. Moreover, I told that I was thru bused and could not get on, but I was 45 minutes late but I stopped at the station properly. Clearly later, it seems that it stopped and waited on the road one way ahead from where we should stop. I could not get on without noticing it and explained as if we have non-existence. And the next time the bus was arranged an additional 7 hours from there. Of course, the hotel in London that I had booked on that day was not cancelable at that time, so I wasted for one night, the station shop and the toilet closed for midnight departure, a fight between hunger and cold. I was worried that if I could not get on the next bus, I was waiting at the same position as before, and if I was waiting after I thought I was going to chase it, I was thrown through and it chased with a suitcase. I waited as usual at other stops, there is no announcement even though it is not a place to stop, no maps are corrected. It's really overly terrible. Although it was stated that there is wifi, power supply, in-flight sale, none of the buses I got wiped out. And the driver's correspondence is bad anyhow. I shouted at the customer in peace, and I kept waiting for seven hours but no apologies. I had expected but I did not get in touch with anything. In the 45 minutes I wait for the bus that was supposed to be on the first ride, it is told that I do not know anything when it is getting into another flixbus driver and I will not try to contact the company at all. Resentful against poor correspondence, some of the other guests cried, others were trembling with cold. There is no choice but to delay the bus. However, it is a company that does not work at all in response to something, care for customers. It was my first time traveling in Europe. Of course, I will never use it again, but if you are prepared to call for a long time by calling a customer center by myself, even if there is a delay or some trouble, I will use it for future use. I would like you to return one night's fee which has been wasted instead of full refund.", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'An enjoyable ride despite the long hours -- two professional drivers, a 10-minute rest stop three hours into the trip, a clean coach recently put into service, reliable wifi when there was no overhead obstruction & an early arrival at terminus to boot.The toilet, however, was lacking toilet paper as well as rinsing water.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': "I arrived at the Victoria coach station at least 15 mins before my journey departure time 21:30 (13/05/17). CCTV footage would actually prove this. I had time to stop at the shop to buy sweets for my overnight journey to Amsterdam.When I arrived at the departure gate there was a crowd of people already there. The coach for Amsterdam was sitting there with the driver in his seat. I thought it strange that passengers were not boarding so I waited and waited. There was no last call, or indication that they were still boarding. Obviously the driver has a list of passengers with my name NOT ticked off. But no announcement. The coach was dark so I could not see any passengers on board. Then the coach left.If they were still boarding why was the driver sitting in the coach, doing nothing for that whole time I was waiting, with no one to indicate boarding? I have been calling Flixbus customer service in Germany and France all night until I was told to call and speak to a Manager in the morning. In the morning no Manager or Supervisor was willing to speak with me. They were very rude and simply insisted that their bus was on time. What is the point of being on time if your driver is sitting at the wheel? This incident can be proved by CCTV footage at the station but they don't seem to care... Everything they do in online, they have no physical representation at the Coach station. Maybe the driver was online as well?So here I am now still in London, when I should be in Amsterdam this morning. I had to book accommodation for the night. So I intend to take National Express tonight. They have a customer service that is accessible in UK and elsewhere.I finally continued my journey with Eurolines and felt much safer, comfortable and reassured. Especially since they have physical representatives in place throughout most of Europe as well as speedy online and phone response. It's not so easy dealing with companies that are only online and have no real reps as everything feels up in the air as it did with Flixbus and more so its highly unlikely that such virtual companies would take responsibility for their actions or lack of.", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'I would have given Flixbus a higher rating but when I bought the Interflix for 99 euros, I was told that the money had gone through, but then I was taken to a new page where it said that "an error with the order" and that the order was "cancelled and deleted"...yet they still debited my account. So here I sit, 99 euros poorer and no Interfix Pass. I have emailed Flixbus twice as I am desperate to get this resolved. I would really like to receive what I paid for. All my other Flixbus experiences have been great until now. I am afraid that this incident might overshadow the good previous experiences that I have had with Flixbus. I have used an old booking number in order to hopefully receive a reply and to get this problem resolved.Cayla', 'stars': '2'}
{'review': "Our bus supposed to depart at 23:50. Now it's 02:00 and we will depart in 40 minutes only hopefully. And we weren't informed about it ahead. It's awful. Also the driver quarreled with passengers threatening to kick us off the bus if we didn't let him sleep. Maybe the last thing could be explained but such delay couldn't be justified anyhow.", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Good clean buses with plenty of legroom.fast Internet that actually worked compared to Eurolines!Only downside is no baggage tags so you dont have any proof if your bag goes missing.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': "My bus was delay 50mins. I couldn't see any information on website either on mobile app. When I was sitting in the bus I got my message which says my bus will be delay but didn't say for how many mins. I wanted to sit downstairs as upstairs was quite full but I couldn't. Driver couldn't read my mobile ticket and were really disagreeable. My suitcase were thrown to the luggage storage without any system. Wifi didn't work at allBasel-Milano 9.3.2017", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'We r short staying tourist were book the bus thru mobile phone n got confirmed booking from flixbus. Our trip were brussel to amsterdam. 10 minutes before embarked we show our confirm booking over my mobile to the driver then the answer was, we have to print out the booking otherwise we cannot go. After some talked then he start open his mobile, our name was there. At last we could get on. After 15 minutes late before the bus move, the driver warned all the pasanger has to maintain the cleanliness of the bus n bla bla... He thought we came from jungle or what ? When we arrived, again he check the bus before opening the door with very unpolite words. He reckoned we were his stupid student or what? Asking for a lift ?The driver really had no manner at all....', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "CPH -HAM, getting charged even though the ticket doesn't specify anything about oversized bags. You could argue the size of the bag is two pieces of medium sized luggage put in a line. We're allowed 2pcs of big luggage and 1small each.Very bad experience! Unaware, poor customer support from the driver and his colleague. Never travelling with them again.", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "Since flixbus ask us to be 15minutes earlier at the bus I would expect much more punctuality. Today the bus should be on the road at 8:00 and it only started it's course at 8:15... I wouldn't suggest this company to no one who likes punctuality.Flixbus please fix this or I would gladly consider using other companies.", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Took flixbus on 28 Feb 2017, 22:20 from Basel SBB to Cologne Germany.Too many sokers on bus, filled the bus with passive smoke and smoked whenever , wherever it stopped in front of bus doors and filled bus with smoke. Also, the passengers in groups from Milano forced to move out from seats despite vacant seats.  The bus also faced immigration issues on swiss border due to some passengers validity of documents onboard.', 'stars': '2'}
{'review': 'Cheaper, faster and more comfortable than trains, a great option for travelling in Italy!', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': "I travelled by Flixbus 3 weeks ago, when I arrived in my destination, the driver didn't return my suitcase and left. I called the costumer service immidietly, but they vere totally not helpful and inpolite, I filled up the lost and found form on their webpage, but still didn't receive any information, until today I do not know if my suitcase was found and if I will ever get it back.", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'I recommended travel with Flixbus...', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'Everything perfect!', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'As mentioned many times via emails and recorded phone calls to Flixbus call centers in various countries, we have reported within minutes after subject trip’s bus took off without allowing us to collect our luggage from the luggage container (As you will notice while consulting the CCTV installed in this bus). And again, please understand that once the bus stopped in its designated stop in Amsterdam, the driver stridently requested all passengers to rapidly evacuate the bus. Though we arrived around 30 minutes before scheduled time, the driver took off within very very few minutes after stopping (((without checking that the bus is clean and that all passengers took off with all their items from the luggage container))) while we were still finding our way towards the bus front door after a 6-7 hours trip and noting that we were sitting in the very back. This has led us to call on him to let him know that we are still inside which made him scream at us using unpleasant tone / words and factually threw us 150 meters after the initial stop and immediately continue his way keeping our luggage with him. This should be investigated thoroughly and our luggage need to be found  (we informed you minutes after this unprofessional driver threw us in a non bus stop area and ran away). Our luggage contain extremely valuable items including laptops, work backups and vital documents not to mention all travelling necessities! You could have easily figured the driver mobile number when we called minutes right after he threw us and made necessary arrangements to avoid all this. Thank you for treating tourists this way. Escalation is needed please.John Abou Elias & Omar KheirTicket number: 8032479685', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Nothing else to add.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Got where I needed to be no problems whatsoever after being let down by airlines and being priced out of trains.', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'Everything was fine, not to say perfect. FlixBus Removed all my prejudice and I will definitely use FlixBus again.BUTWhile the bus passed the state of Thuringia police diverted the bus from the Highway to a "remote" hall. They made a short announcement that all passengers had to hand out a piece of identification (ID, passport or drivers license) take everything - EVERYTHING -  with them and leave the bus. There we stood in the hall and a bunch of police selected particular passengers to be searched, while the others were guarded by other police. They searched the bus with  police dog.and they only picked out young men with possible foreign background. The search was conducted unprofessional, it\'s as if police had no time to prepare the search. The narrative was that police searched for dangerous items.They found nothing. One passenger was searched twice, most not at all. They searched six or seven passengers of a total of some 35, while the others were left alone. I\'m a non smoker, but I took a piece of missconduct against smokers to complain and they finally allowed the smokers to have a cigarette and they explained the legal foundation for that search to me as I had persistently asked, but to nobody else.  And this was the actual missconduct. They said, they would search, but they didn\'t explain their legality.We arrived in Berlin two hours late. Public transportation was out of service at that time. Only a night bus was coming now and then but we had t ask at a nearby hotel where the receptionist directed us to the bus stop.I would have appreciated, if FlixBus had provided us some information after that delay. With these two thing together I got to bed at 05:00 AM instead of 02:00 AM. This may not be an issue for a young person, but I\'m no longer young.', 'stars': '3'}
{'review': 'Almost everything was very good on this trip and I do recommend it, I just had an issue with one of the drivers who failed to do any announcements and I had no idea about the toilet or internet. Internet was not that important, but I really had to use the toilet and even when I asked the driver he failed to mention the first time that there is a toilet on board.2 hours later and a second question lead him to tell me there is one on board ...', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'I strongly advice to avoid Flixbus.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'i will ride your bus anytime again and recommend it to my friends .more Information on schedule at the Airport would help.', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'Simply the best', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'Booked a bustrip from Hamburg to Kolding, Denmark, to mark the end of a skiing vacation. When booking, it is made very clear that oversized luggage is permitted on board, even though you have to register it through their customer service on phone. And this must be done, earliest 2 days before departure. Weird. It then turns out that there is no room for a snowboard-bag, thus forcing us to cancel the booking, which left us with a voucher, that can only be redeemed for another bus ride. Scummy. So here we are, in Austria, without knowing when or how we are going to get home. What a waste of money and time. Not recommendable at all.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Value for money ride for the cost-conscious. Ride is safe and comfortable.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': "They lost my backpack from Brussels to Prague because the drivers left it in another city, I still don't understand why! After a month the company hasn't been able to give me an answer about a refund or something. The drivers were so rude and they didn't care about their mistake. They treated me really bad because I don't speak German. Please don't travel with them! Just find another better companies and don't leave your luggage if you can take it with you.", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "Let me start this review by pointing out that Flixbus advertise themselves during the winter months as an easy and cheap way to get to the Alps or other skiing/snowboarding destinations. I can unequivocally say that if you plan to do this, and also plan to bring your own skis/snowboards, you're fresh out of luck. While it is true that Flixbus have provisions for taking oversized luggage (at a cost of 9 EUR per item), you are not guaranteed to be able to put this luggage on the bus. The real problem lies in the fact that passengers are only able to find out if they can take their oversized luggage or not 48 hours before departure, at the EARLIEST. Imagine our surprise when we called Flixbus (as is the procedure), the day before we were due to leave, only to find out that due to the fact it was a double decker bus, we would be unable to bring our snowboarding equipment.This then set in motion a sequence of communications between myself and Flixbus in order for me to get a refund for the trip, which all told took over 2 months. Flixbus' customer service agents were mostly agreeable and polite, although some were flat out rude. And despite trying on multiple occasions I never managed to get a supervisor on the phone. The way in which Flixbus handled my case for refund was unacceptable. I was forced to chase up my case on multiple occasions, as it is impossible to get the finance department on the phone. The case was dragged out by the fact that Flixbus only refunded me half the trip after I was explicitly told I would get the whole trip refunded. This then forced me to go through the whole process again, which took even longer the second time. In the end they refunded me the whole trip, but as it was two different cases one after the other, they charged me the service fee twice, which I find absolutely ridiculous. To sum up, Flixbus has terrible customer service (politeness aside), and ridiculous terms and conditions. If their goal is to lose customers, they have certainly succeeded. I will never use Flixbus again, nor would I recommend Flixbus to anyone at all.", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Pros: Cheap fares, CO2 neutral option, punctuality and the App is very userfriendly.Cons: The app could have some helpful features added, such as geolocalisation of the bus and facilitate wifi connection in the bus. The sits are not so comfortable for more than 2 or 3 hours ride', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': "The bus n driver is OkayBut that must look after the passenger's behaviour (talking loudly in the middle of the night)", 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Trip went well, just the driver started boarding 15 mins before departure despite negative temperature and wind outside... it was really cold to wait.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'It was simply an amazing experience. The service was great. I really enjoyed it. Thanks, FlixBus!', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': "I traveled from Budapest to Zagreb. Bus driver was the best bus driver I've ever seen in a bus. Bus was clean, and with wi-fi you cant watch youtube and other streaming sites, but it was okay.", 'stars': '5'}
{'review': "I've used Flixbus many times because of the affordable prices, yet in the past few months I had really unpleasant experience because of double booking, as in, they charged me twice (TWICE! it's not like I am taking it everyday! still you managed to let it happen twice in a month!). sure, there is always technical problems right? can't blame them for that. So I sent them a message, no response, called them, told me that they will refund it in a couple of weeks. THREE MONTHS PASSED! NO, NOTHING! IT'S NOT A LOT OF MONEY BUT WHAT YOU'RE DOING IS WRONG! IMAGINE HOW MUCH MONEY THEY GOT JUST BY DOING THIS! THEFT!just called in again today, got exactly the same answer : we will refund you in a couple of weeks. it's all bullocks, I will never travel with flixbus again, nor will I recommend it to my friends, in fact, i will tell everyone to avoid it.", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "On the 8/02/2017 5.30 pm linea 519 FLIXBUS for Aosta at the stop 'Milano San Donato' as usual the bus stop over there around 10'I gently inform the driver that I will use the loo and so I get off from the bus When I come back after maybe 5' max the bus was gone!!!!!!!!!!Then I urgently take a taxi because my bag also was in the bus and I try to catch the bus on the next stop At Milano  Lampugnano, during the trip try to call the call centre of flixbus explain my situation and they say the could NOT DO ANYTHING !!! So after spending 80euro on top for taxi I had to call a friend that kindly went to pick up my bag at the Aosta stop (god blessing her) and I took another 17euro of bus with another company to finally reach my destination,Aosta,on this case.I told the receptionist that I m sick of a type of Cancer and on the bag they were my medication so was an emergency situation !!!!!NO humanity was showing off !!!! They said I had to filling the form for lost luggage  and that s it.", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Good drive schedule', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Good company, must get build better installations at connection point, Paris Porte Maillot.Thx, Hector Zablach.', 'stars': '3'}
{'review': "On January 16th my boyfriend tried to order tickets from Copenhagen to Hamburg and back. Twice he tried to confirm the order, but right after entering his credit card information an error occurred. I tried to do the order the next day that went wrong - it didn't work until I used my PayPal-account. I got an order confirmation from the PP-order, but nothing but that. On January 18th we all in all got the order confirmations from the orders that didn't go through. We now had ten tickets - six from CPH-HAM and four HAM-CPH - and needed none of these. We tried to contact the company to get our money back.Clearly this is because of an error on the Flixbus-website. After several calls to the customer service we now have a lot of gift vouchers, because we were told to cancel our orders, contact the customer service and then we would get our money back. Still nothing has happened. In addition to this an employer hung up on my boyfriend the last time (out of five or six times) he called the customer service, even though he talked in a sober voice. This is obviously an unacceptable way to treat customers. One thing is the error on the website - we know mistakes happen, and we accept this. We just wanted to get our money back, but trying to get that we have only met very rude employers. Hanging up and not helping to solve a money-problem is just not ok.", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Plug sockets not working, unhelpful/rude driver otherwise a more comfortable ride than eurolines for leg room and seats', 'stars': '3'}
{'review': 'There was no wi-fi at the bus which is not really such a big deal. Driver was great; very funny and friendly. The toiler was awfully dirty ans so were the floors. Bus arrived on time and the journey was pleasant.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Simple, clean, cheap, comfortable.', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'This is a low-cost service, but surprisingly it was amazing! The buses were clean, there were no delays, the whole trip (Budapest-Wien) was a very positive experience. The drivers were polite and elegant (!) and oh yes, working hotspot!', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': "It was a pleasure to travel with very nice and helpful steward Stanislav. The night bus had lot of free seats (that's comfy);)", 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'Clean and comfortable coach that ran perfectly on time and was well driven.  We did have some confusion at the airport regarding terminals and the driver was unable to help in English.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Drivers are all kind and friendly. When I traveled from Berlin to Eindhoven at night on 29.12.2016, the driver tuned in very nice music radio station and I enjoyed that quite a lot all the way!', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'Good to travel flixbus', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'Is very safe and interesting travelling with Flixbus. But I would like to see screen inside the bus to show the direction that we are going(like google map and what we see in flights) and indicating all stops. It will be beautiful and unique.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'I wanted to change my pickup point from CDG Terminal 3 to Porte maillot.I sent email on 5 days before the travel date, send 3 reminder email but not response till today. Called helpline number, waited 30 min on English but no one picked phone. Called French number but executive refused to support as this is German language and not English.The executive was speaking English but not ready to support my query.I have lost lots of money to make a call.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "Also, you should warn if the bus doesn't have power outlets, otherwise great service", 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'I book a Flixbus from Verona to Bergamo airport very last minute as my travel plans LANs got all mixed up.I thought it would be an awful experience driven out of desperation rather than want but must say I am now a convert.The bus was there nice and early, the driver was very helpful and pleasant and the bus was not overcrowded, modern and clean.There were plug sockets, wifi, toilets - much more than you will update expect for the price.We set off exactly on time, arrived on time and the drive in between was very professional and smooth.I really would look at this as an option straight away next time as it was very easy and excellent and price.', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'I was a nice journey Paris to Milan.I had a wonderful journey after long time', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'Took a bit longer to locate the exact departure point due to not being from the area, asked strangers for directions and found our bus.Got on the bus, it was clean and positive.Internet was unavailable for a reason I cannot recall. Smooth journey with a happy driver it makes it more of an adventure. I fully recommend!', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'I attempted to book a trip via their online portal.  Firstly, their application booked me for the wrong date.I requested that the trip be canceled and they sent me a voucher.I attempted to rebook the trip for the correct day and used the voucher.The web page gave me an error, the voucher became invalidated and I was charged again on my credit card for the full amount.So, they have stolen 45 Euros from me, they have not responded to repeated emails, facebook messages and their call center cannot be reached...and when I do get through to someone, they hang up on me.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Everything was perfect. Just wi-fi not working, which really hindered my ability to work considering it was 12+ hours drive.', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'I said to my mother to take Flixbus from Lausanne to Bordeaux because I thought it was great, I was wrong. On December 31st she takes Flixbus in Lausanne and then stopped in Lyon for a connection. After 1h45 of waiting she realised her bus was cancelled and the train station would close. So it is new year eve and my mother, 56 years old, is alone in an unknown city in the night. So she calls me and I call a cousin that lives in Lyon. Fortunately he answers. So my mother takes a taxi to go to his place. The next day there is no bus available so she takes a plane to go back home. And now Flixbus refuses to reimburse both the taxi and the plane. I tried to explain them that letting someone alone in the night in an unknown area is dangerous but it seems that they do not care.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'VEry Very bad service!For reasons not specified to the passengers, Flixbus connection ME04 direction Cologne Bonn Airport On 25Dec 2016 scheduled for 9:00 was cancelled. Megabus/Flixbus office at Victoria shut all day?confirmed at Victoria information desk.From 8:00am to 9:00 am gate 8 schedule clearly showed Bus service  Victoria - Cologne was due 9:00 am.Email confirmation was wishing a pleasant journey.Calling to +4930300137300 told to hold 3 min and after disconnected.No alternative arrangements made \\provided for, no means of contact or communication no employee from Flixbus/Megabus.Two buses gate 7 and gate 9 Megabus left to Paris and Amsterdam employee from those services  did not communicate anything despite clearly over 15 people were still waiting.Management did not use those two services to pass through information regarding the situation.One passenger from yesterday called and was confirmed by telephone that todays service was to resume as normal.Apart from the financial expense the manner in which the situation has been dealt has also caused considerable emotional distress and stress.Very ~nice~Christmas   moodI do not recommend this company for my friends and other people!!!!!!!!!!!!P.S. SMS about cancellation came on 26 Dec 2016', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'I forgot my camera bag in the bus while travellin from florence to milan . i filled the lost and founf form but i didnt get any reply so i got woried nad called them just to make sure, But that was not of any help as they would not tell me any update and just ask me to wait. its been a month now and i still havnt gotten any reply and i dont know how to get my bag back. im gonna be going back to India in a few days and i dont know how to get a response back from flix bus.', 'stars': '2'}
{'review': 'I cannot recommend Flixbus if any punctuality is a requirement.I have traveled few times by myself with Flixbus. In addition, I have taken my friend by my car to the bus stop several times. On average the busses seem to be late at least 20-30 minutes and once the bus was late 1.5 hours. Many busses seem to be canceled too.I needed to go once to Airport and I tought that I could use Flixbus. A bad idea. 10 minutes before the estimated arrival time, I got a message from Flixbus that the bus is late 50 minutes. I needed to take a train in order to get to airport on time. I never got my money back from Flixbus.Although it is cheap, if you need to hurry, you might lose lots of time and money.. and miss your appointments.I will travel by trains in the future', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "I took a Flixbus on a relation Budapest-Zagreb last week. I accidentally made a mistake in my reservation, but the driver Frank helped me fix it. He spoke very good English and even made all the important announcements in Croatian. The toilet on the bus wasn't in function, like in other bus companies but we've made enough stops and we've arrived in time.", 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'By not communicating a break time adequately (30min instead of 14:30), FlixBus left me on an autobahn en route Munich-Vienna, 200km outside Vienna on 13 Nov 2016. On 6 Dec 3016 my bag was finally assumed to be found (the only communication from FlixBus in 2 months) and almost delivered to me and now missing again. Myself in English and my friend in German keep trying to contact Customer Service hotline, have emailed to fundbuero_zentrale@, service@ and info@ but no response. Where is the bag?! Regards,Anna', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'So, I had my first and last experience with Flixbus going from Lund - Stockholm.First of all, the bus was 50 minutes late and I had to wait out in the dark, cold, Swedish winter during ~1hr before the bus arrived. I was notified that the bus was going to be "a few minutes late" only 15 minutes before the departure time. Then I called customer service and they informed me it was actually 15 minutes late.After waiting and the 15-minute mark passed I called back and now I got to talk to another representative who informed me that the bus was in fact going to be 50 minutes late. How it became 35 minutes later only 25 minutes after my first call is a mystery to me. So, since I didn\'t trust her I asked for the geographical location of the bus, so at least I could make my own estimate. She said it was impossible for her to say and that there\'s no use that we keep talking about it and then she hung up on me. I froze for 1 hour before the bus came.The bus itself did not have comfortable seats. The seats are actually less comfortable than those of the normal city buses in Lund, but they do recline. There was no space for me to put my carry-on luggage as I was sitting in the front and there were other stuff above me, so my carry-on had to go with the other luggage under the bus.The bus toilet was out of toilet paper and the driver informed us that there was no way for him to refill it until we would have a break after 4 more hours.As you can imagine, I\'m never again using Flixbus and I\'m telling all my friends to avoid this company.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "We have bought two tickets go and come back from Paris to Innsbruck. Main aim of the trip was skiing. On official website it is written that we can take bulky luggage, just need to call not earlier that 48 hours in advance. So, 48 hours in advance i call them and they say  - NO, you can not take your snowboard, there is no place. - Ok, then what solution you can propose? - To exchange the date of the tickets! - But we have already accommodation booked and paid! Ok, may be one of us exchange the date of ticket, but be able to take ski equipment. - You have to pay 25 euros extra for exchange because of difference in price. - Ok...Then i asked how do we do to return. And answer was - NO WAY! Because they have only double-decker buses that can not at all take ski equipment!We were very angry that woman in call center did not tell us this before. She knew, but didn't tell! So, we can not take ski equipment at all in Flixbus, there is no way, we pay extra to travel separately and it was absolutely useless. Than we wanted to come back just to initial booking to travel, ok, without equipment, but at least together. And.. we had to pay 20 euros more for this!!!Finally, we took the bus, bus itself is ok, not bad, with wifi and toilet. Drivers are brutal, area to wait the bus is outside (in cold) and there is no indication at all. The only good thing about this company - tickets are cheap (if you buy in advance).", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Punctual;the driver was very friendly and announced the stops loud so I would not worry I would sleep and miss the stop. Thank you!', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'Comfortable journey and it was a nice bus trip. Just a beep sound coming from one of the device in bus was little annoying.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': "Faced the problem of unsuccessful booking through the site flixbus. After authorizing the payment card, the site issued an error message and threw it to the main page. Those. they paid the money, they withdrew money from the card, and they did not send a ticket for the bus (there are no booking numbers in my personal account on the website, in my mail, or the bus driver on the route to which I paid the ticket). I had to pay the driver in cash. After the first call to the support service, I received a letter from Carolin Maurer, where I was asked to leave a message about the problem through the feedback form on flixbus.com. Since December 30, 2016 I have been sending reports about the problem through this form, but I have not received a single response from flixbus. Apparently, it's the company's policy - to steal money from the client and ignore his appeals. Keep your cards and nerves - do not pay flixbus through their website!", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "I bought a ticket on line for £13 to travel from Quedlinburg to Hamburg on Sunday 18/12/16. But I entered 19/12 instead and only realised this when I got to the bus. So I had no choice but to buy another ticket from the driver for Euro 35, to travel that Sunday 18th. Yes 35 Euros, 3 times the £13 I paid. On Monday 19th, I called the Flixbus customer service and I was advised that if I cancelled my 19th ticket 15 minutes before the 15.40 travel time, my £13 would be eventually refunded. I wrote an email to cancel my travel over 1 hour before the 15.40 departure time, and forwarding to them a copy of the ticket I bought on that Sunday for Euro 35 to travel to Hamburg from Quedlinburg. A few days later, Flixbus wrote to tell me I wasn't entitled to a refund because I had used my £13 ticket by travelling on Monday 19/12. I told them I didn't as I had travelled Sunday and sent them proof. Now Flixbus no longer replies to my emails. Is this not daylight robbery? Stealing?Now I'll call Flix bus FLEECE BUS!!", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Polski bus was smooth, although the seats were a it cramped. The flixbus coaches were more spacious. Both coaches are comfortable enough so you can get some sleep during the journey', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'I would never recommend this company to anyone. My bag was stolen on 12/26th/2016 in a stretch between Strasbourg and Düsseldorf. I communicated the company and nothing has been done so far. They did not even answer me. If I could evaluate the company with zero stars I would do that.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "Hello, I am writing to you to report scandalous and unacceptable transport conditions between Cannes and Paris on December 29, 2016 (Bus N719 towards Paris). The bus was certainly on time at the time of departure to Cannes but the drivers supposed to take over the previous driver were absent. He arrived 45 minutes later. At that moment, a violent fight broke out between the drivers, exchanges of blows took place and two drivers fell to the ground, one hit his head against the ground. The state of stress, shock and the important mark on the skull of one of the drivers did not prevent them from taking the wheel immediately after the end of the fight. They did not explain anything to us and did as usual. A few minutes later, one of the drivers spent a good five minutes with the phone on their ear while driving at night on the highway ... During a break, another passenger and I told the driver of our legitimate concern about the ability of drivers to drive after being hit on the head. The driver's response was surreal, he told us that if we had problems he would leave us at the side of the road ... To top it off, the toilets were unusable for at least half the trip. We arrived a good hour late in Paris, I was happy to have arrived safe and sound after this traumatic experience. For a cost of 89 euros, it is certain that I will never resume this company and that I will make a very bad publicity around me!", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'nice and politer driver', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Satisfied but air conditioner not good.', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'I can`t recommend their service.  I got wrong information in Berlin and  missed my connecting  bus.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Twenty minutes before we were due to depart on a freezing cold night in Copenhagen, at a bus stop with little shelter, I received a text advising the bus was delayed 40minutes.On boarding the bus was a mess having not been cleaned from the previous trip. Add to this there was no announcement from the driver about the cause of the  delay or whether we would still arrive at our destination on time.In addition to being 40minutes late and filthy the bus was freezing with most people leaving their thick winter coats on for the duration of the journey.At one point during the journey we stopped without explanation. The bus was then boarded by passport control. Had we been warned about the impending passport checks we could have got our passports out making the stop quick instead we all had to dig through our bags to find our passports making the checking process longer than it needed to be.I frequently take night buses and this was by far the worst. I would advise you to pay extra and use someone else!', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'The best service from Germany to Prague by bus. Safety driving and puncual.Wim Srinuree & Family(Thailand)', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'I am stasfied with my journey by your bus .. the staff were friendly.. and they drove safely .. there was no delaying and we arrived in time ... thank you , and I am planning to travel with your bus again.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'I will choose flixbus next time!', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'The bus was punctual and there were clear directions to reach the pick up point with a map.', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': "We are really surprised how easy and comfortable to travel by Flixbus. We had 2 days trip into Praha from Vienna and back. Both way's tickets we bought using internet and mobile apps. It takes several minutes. The seats are comfortable, nice internet during the trip and punctual departure/arrival.", 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'Good afternoon I would like to share with you my personal experience with your company. We made a trip from Brussels to Amsterdam, my two friends and I, we traveled from Madrid in principle on a flight to Brussels. (Where I have not put any problem at all) The surprise is that when I get back from Amsterdam and take the bus the driver asks me for my documentation and I gave him my NiE, he tells me that he is invalid that he needs my passport. It must be that he does not know that to travel to the EU specifically the Schengen area is exempt from carrying a passport for residents and nationals of that space, it is sufficient to present the Nie, at the airport at no time they asked me for a passport. Conclusion, does not let us get on the bus saying that nothing that we can not and point, that the driver does not think we carry, in a bad way when we were in shock. I tried to explain to him that one day we came with this same company and the driver did not put problems but nothing ... finally we had to pay for a train and it took more than 4 hours to arrive. A shame Finally stress that for many emails that send the company, not even I have responded.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Wrong information of the bus stop in mont saint michel is mention on the e-ticket.It is unbelievable that the bus stop information mention in the e-ticket is wrong!!!! We went to the bus stop which is mentioned on your e-ticket and waited till 17:30, but no any flixbus arrived.We went to the travel information centre and asked . They told me that the bus has gone already and the information of flixbus bus stop on the e-ticket is NOT Corrected. It should be "parking 7".(The bus stop mentioned in your e-ticket is next to the Hotel Vent. I can provide a copy of the e-ticket if your company don\'t believe that.)The people in tourist information centre told us that they did send e-mail to your company and asked for the correction but your company just ignores it!Please refund our tickets because this is your company\'s fault and not our fault.We did arrive the wrong bus stop your company mentioned before 20mins and waited there.We also sent your company an e-mail before, please follow our case and give us a proper feedback.Your company should also amend the information of your bus stop in mont saint michel.Thank you', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "To my mind it's a good transport company. Friendly drivers, comfortable seats, wi-fi is not bad and what is the most important, good price of tickets. In Dresden we mixed up stops and were standing on the wrong side of the road. It was not clean, where should we stand. And we were late for a couple of minutes. But the bus was waiting for us! So that was likely. I think, I would use FlixBus once more and more.", 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'I really appreciate the cleanness of the bathroom, and how friendly the driver was.', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'WiFi and punctuality are important!', 'stars': '3'}
{'review': 'Clean bus. English speaking driver. Great for solo traveller with luggages.', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'no internet in a bus.', 'stars': '3'}
{'review': 'the service is good and they respect the time. i recommend it.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Comfort - enough leg room, comfortable chairToilet - try not to use it, you have to "flush" with a plastic gallon of waterService(driver) - efficient, pleasant Charging of electrical appliances - only available after 2 hours into journeyWifi - non-existent Rebooking - i was issued a voucher when I wanted to change my timing (You have to cancel the 1st booking, and use the voucher to book the new timing). No place for me to enter the voucher, and I was charged full price for my rebooking. Voucher is valid for 1 year, but totally useless here. €19 wasted.Only complaint - the bus journey was very warm and stuffy. The driver was very nice and turned on the air-conditioning after my request, but it was barely noticebable. I couldn\'t wait for the whole journey to end as i was too flustered. For this reason, I may not consider taking another trip unless really desperate.  (This is my 3rd trip Travelling between Paris and London by bus. First 2 were with Megabus.)', 'stars': '3'}
{'review': 'Driver was experience and the ride was smooth . Toilet was clean .', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': "I just got on the bus from hamborg to Copenhagen.The woman and the driver insisted that I needed a passport.This is simply not true, we are both in schegen and therefore we don't need a passport.I have my driver's license I'd with me, which is more than enough to go between Denmark and Germany (I am Danish citizen)While traveling with airplane between the 2 country's you just book a ticket and never show an ID.You might state in your text you need a passport, but that is illegal, schegen agreement is applied by law, and flixbus cannot go above the law.I hope that you will inform staff properly so this won't happen again in the future.", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Many passengers occupy more than one seat which they book, so at night trips is difficult to find free seats.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': "The bus was 25 min late but we were notified via sms which was good. The internet was a little slow but it's better than nothing.", 'stars': '4'}
{'review': "My friend and I missed our original bus due to a change in the pickup location which wasn't pointed out very well on the ticket. We had shown up at the original pickup location (asked staff around if we were in the right spot) and no bus showed up. Our ticket had two portions as there was a small layover in a town. We decided to take a train to catch up to the next stop to reconnect with our bus. The train set us back 100 EURO! We showed up at the next stop. The bus was 15-20min late and then the bus driver would not let us board. We had a ticket for the first portion and second. However, their check in system would not allow the driver to check us in on his phone even though we could clearly see our names on his phone. We spoke with him and he laughed and did not allow us to board. We needed to get to our final location so had to pay 59 EURO to board a bus we had already paid for. I have spent 3 months now emailing (back in my home country now) Flixbus with only an offer to provide credit towards a new trip. I don't think I want to ever ride with them again. I want the Money back that was wrongfully taken from me as I already had a valid ticket for the journey. On top of that both the customer service agents and bus driver were very rude through the process and they just don't seem to care. The day that was meant to be fun and only cost us 45 Euro turned into a terrible experience and set us back the original cost plus 159 EURO. Could have flown to our destination for that! I'll try another provider next time before I have spend another penny on them. Also WIFI does not work!", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "This was my first and last experience with this company! I was supposed to travel from Zurich to Colmar yesterday at 17h00 with my partner, and we received a message in the afternoon saying that there would be a 45 min delay.So we were waiting at the station at 17h45, and received another notification saying that there would be 1h15min delay. When we reached 18h15, another notification came and said that there would be a 1h50min. delay!We were already totally stressed and waiting in -2°C outside at the station, and the bus just didn't show up. And they didn't even let us know in advance that there would be such a delay! We could have taken the train during that time! We just gave up on the trip and went back home, since I was feeling sick because of the extreme cold and long waiting time outside.And of course, like any irresponsible company, they didn't want to give us our money back. Terrible experience, wouldn't recommend it!", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'The bus was late when we departed, so we arrived later at the destination. There was no wifi in either of the buses (departure or return). It was quite hard to find the bus station.', 'stars': '3'}
{'review': 'Thank you for the pleasant journey. I will recommend this bus service to my friends.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Really enjoyed the trip! People are very helpful!', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'OK maybe the next time will be better .', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'i really enjoyed my 1st trip.thank you', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': "Still waiting at the bus stop at Bruges for the 13:55 bus to London (3 Dec '16). The website shows that the bus is on time which is ridiculous as it's already 14:25. We have been waiting in the freezing cold since 13:30 so we have definitely not missed the bus, and there are quite a few other people waiting. Moreover, there has been no communication via text or email regarding the delay. Tried calling the customer care but the call disconnects itself after a couple of minutes of music. This is completely unacceptable. An update would be appreciated. This is the first and last time I am using this service.", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Except not mentioned stop in Bergamo all other experience was brilliant: comfortable bus, good internet, helpfull driver', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Everything was great. Cheap transport. Very helpful driver. Very good bus. Thank you', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'The experience on Flix was perfect. A short pleasant journey, I will definitely book again !', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': "Travelled from London Victoria to Amsterdam on the 25th November. Coach was due at Victoria at 9.30, we were waiting over an hour for our coach to turn up. When he did the driver was rude and barely gave people time to get on the coach. Fast forward to where we got on the ferry, waiting for almost 2 hours to get on the ferry without ONE single update throughout our journey off the driver. We got off to get on the ferry and all the driver said to everyone was 'if you are late im leaving without you'. So we arrive at Amsterdam at 11.45am, 3 hours after we were scheduled! Thanks to Flixbus I spent a solid 12 hours travelling to Amsterdam to see family, to get there 3 hours late and not even be able to visit my family as my return coach was later that night. So £150 on pointless coaches. And to top it all off I contacted Flix Bus with my complaint, who palmed me off with an apology! How do you think an apology is acceptable for me having to do 24 hours travel for no reason as your driver couldn't stick to his timing. Disgraceful company do not ever use and I will be contacting London Travel Watch for an independent review of my complaint, seeing as all Flix bus want to do is palm me off with were sorry please give us a feedback review.", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'PERFECT new bus fast wifi in Czech republic but not in Germany safe driver comfortable punctual totally with the money ! I RECOMEND IT !', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': "It seems bizarre that you guys receive so many negative opinions and all you can say that you apologize. It's not even about wasting time and money, it is about showing respect to your customer.I traveled from Cologne to Bordeaux with a transfer in Paris.The bus came in Cologne 1.5hrs late, without any information. I was standing in the rain with my luggage at 11 p.m. in a foreign country. When the bus arrived there was no Wi-fi or WC.When I got to Paris my bus just left without me, so Flixbus services told me to buy a train ticket and I will get a refound since I HAD to be on time in Bordeaux. I did it, Lost around 130€,  because Flixbus told me that I could take a later bus, which I couldn't.You guys don't care about your customers and their priorities. Defenietly not reliable. After complaining I got an information I can receive a refound worth 19€ which I spent 150€ total on this trip, once again because of FLIXBUS. I had to email the company again to make sure I will even get that money back, which I shouldn't keep remaining you guys about customers rights.I wasn't late for any of my trip, it's clearly company's fault.I feel like you guys treat your customers as a joke and I defenietly do not deserve it. It was my last trip with Flixbus.", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'We have boarded flix bus from Amesterdam to Paris on 26th Nov 2016 at 8 am and our destination stop was porte de millot in paris around 3:30 pm. We were stopped for refreshments for 30 mins in Nazreth gas station close to Gent. To our surprise the bus has started before 30 mins and left us. Here want to highligt that driver dont even check if all thr passengers are boarded..the bus which carries a international passengers . Drivers you hire are really careless . Now we have all our baggage 2 luggage bags and 2 back pck in the bus. One of the bag contain our laptop+PASSPORT+cash+cards.We have logged a complaint through contact centre and filled the online form. Its past 32 hours we have been getting a standard response from your contact centre that we would get back to you asap. And your tat is 30 Days ( very unrealistic)We have contacted flix bus services many times telling the sensitivity and what we are going through as we have small kid and we r tourist with no cash +clothes+passport. Your contact centre has no humanity.Very poor services and blunt answer...and you are not directing us to the right person or giving the lost and found services number to contact them.We have to leave the paris  by 3rd of Dec 2016...but still flix bus contact centee have no clue on our baggage. Kudos to your services. You guys only bothered about selling tickets perhaps no customer service.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Great internet,washroom services and safe courteous bus drivers that get you to your destination on time.', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': "I reserve teckit from London to Paris with flix bus and the opreat with Mega bus which doesn't worth what I payed for un comfortable chairs no enough legs room  not good for long journey ,the internet not working I got very bad experience I came back to London with Oui bus  same price or £2 more but very big defrant", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'We were 40 minutes before the time of our trip but at the end we lost the bus of the bus never came to dusseldorf  bus station. 15 minutes before the time we asked 2 employees if we were to the right place and they told us yes. We wait one hour because we believe that was a delay. After this hour we some with flixbus and they told us that the bus had gone, all the passengers had check-in, exept us and we had lost our money. We book another ticket 3 hours after and pay again without any discount!!!!!', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Flixbus is a good way to travel in Europe, however the drivers could make the announcements also in English and the Wi-Fi connection could be improved and expressed the limits of utilization.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': "My first experience with Flixbus, I didn't use the toilet in the bus, when I wanted to use we were near the destination already, I guess they lock it, I am not sure, but over all it was good experience. Bus come on time and arrived on time.I have spoken to the customer service regarding the wrong e-mail and the response was very good and friendly.", 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'Flixbus has an excellent service providing buses to may cities with extremely reasonable fares.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Overall, this experience could be perfect if passengers are well informed of delays through SMS so people are not stucked in the cold!', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': "please check the internet connection, i've three times with flixbus and cannot use the internet at all :(", 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'the journey was excellent', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': '- Bus was hour late for departure - Customer Service not reachable, got a recorder saying your bus is on time (See first point, not the case)- No explanation when it finally came.- Passengers treated badly - better fly Ryan air!!! Worth the extra 50 cents..', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "Generally, it's a good choice to use flixbus.", 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'very good bus routine.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'The bus was clean, the driver was smiling and good-natured, landing, departure and arrival on schedule, beautiful views of Italy outside the window, wi-fi and all this for 5 euros! Highly recommend.', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'Rude behaviour when handling luggage. When asked if I could retrieve my laptop from my bag Andy, who was in charge said, "Well you\'ve been standing in line for 5 minutes, haven\'t you?" He then snatched my bag and shoved it into the luggage compartment. I did not say anything, so as not to disrupt the journey for other passengers', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'free wifi, great driver, clean toilette, great price, comfort bus :)', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'I was travelling from Strassbourgh to Frankfurt airport from where I was supposed to fly to Denmark. I had been told that delays can occur with flixbus so I booked a ticket where I was schedualed to arrive 4:30 hours before my flight - that would give me some extra hours incase of delays. I had to change bus in Karlsruhe and on my first bus I received to text messages from flixbus where they stated that they were 1 hour delayed. Fair enough I thought. Turned out they were more than 2:30 hours late. So I was waiting for my next bus without hearing anything from flixbus, and without any of the many flixbus drivers who arrived and departed while I was waiting was able to help me. Finally amother bus goimg to Berlin but passing through Frankfurt airport arrived. I was relieved, only to find out that they wouldnt let me get on that bus because I only had ticket for another bus. This bus, going to Berlin, was half empty and I would have made it to Frankfurt in time to catch my flight if they would have let me take that bus. But no, I was shocked to find out that they wouldnt let me take that bus (both busses being flixbus). I asked if I could pay for a new ticket there for the bus going to Berlin, but I didmt have cash and the driver didnt want to wait for me buying a new ticket online. He just roled his eyes and assured me that my own bus was coming 30 minutes later. It didnt. It came more than 1 hour later and I missed my fligh. I dont wish a flixbus ride for my worst enemy - stay away everyone. Pay the little extra for a decent company who doesnt screw you over, thats at least my advice.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Great service, I highly recommend flixbus', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': "I am never taking a flixbus after this time! It's hilarious how every single time I take a flixbus it is late!!!! And not only about 10 min or so that would've been fine, but this time it's again 1h and 40min late!!!!!!! Never ever again!!!!", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Many comfortable', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': "I think Flixbus is a revolutionary idea. I have only traveled with them once (so far), so I might be biased, but it's no comparison to my previous bus experiences. You can get your ticket online no matter the departure/arriving point, the bus is super clean and punctual, there's internet connection along the way. All in all impeccable, keep rocking! PS If you manage to bring it to Romania, I think you'll revolutionise the local bus transport. So I say you give it a chance ✌️", 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'The bus came in advance and set off exactly on time', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'I am a quite critical person and can usually find loads of areas for improvement for almost any services I use in general, but I really enjoy to travel with Flixbus as I am very happy with the company. Not only because this company offers a large variaty of international destinations in various times within a day but the price of service is also unbeatable. The bus is usually clean and punctual, drivers are polite and they speak English. This service is really worth the price and I would recommend it to anyone.', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': "If you would ever leave luggage in Flixbus, don't hope that you will get it back. i I have called their call service and filled in the Lost and Found form just after the bus has left. Call service has told me that they have no possibility to contact driver to aware him about lost thing. I have also been told that they just don't have any connection with driver at all. However, it's absolutely wrong, as I have personally heard how drivers have been called by Flixbus employees to know why they are late and when will they arrive. It seems that it could be better that I have just forgotten it somewhere on the street and someone would call me as there is my contact information there. It doesnt matter which level of comany Fluxbus, even if it is young brand, it's just basics human politeness understanding that belongings of others are not rubbish. I would never thing that any company  could have such big concern about its clients. I would never believe that such huge thing as luggage has been lost. Either Flixbus has throughed it away, either their drivers don't mind wearing second-hand clothes. I really hope that the one who is reading it would be careful with their belongings and would never have such unpleasant situation as me.", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "this is the most horrible bus service company I have ever travelled..I live in Germany and I study master studiesI had to do an exchange semester in England and I thought that bus journey with Flix bus will be good. ( my biggest mistake )At the border of france and England on the british side we were told to come out and have a passport check. When I finished my passport control and came out of the immigration centre, the bus was gone with all the passengers and with my luggage.HOW CAN HE LEAVE A PASSENGER AT THE BORDER, I called the same time to the bus service and they said that they don't have another bus to take me to London.I said them to atleast handover my luggage to my friend who was waiting at the London Victoria station and they said OK.But the bus did not arrive at the station and the managers at the london bus terminal has confirmed that and it is their in their records.the bus may be dropped the passengers somewhere close to the bus station and not in the ARRIVALS of the bus station.this is so unprofessional. I have a strong belief that the driver now stole my bags.I have written a complaint and been in touch with the customer center for the last 21 days and they say that they are still checking.I am in England without my luggage in a new country and they have little concern for customer and in general no feeling of sufferings of HUMAN BEINGS.They just don't communicate and don't care of the problems done by their company to others. they have no respect.I am not going to keep quiet for this because my luggage was all what I have in my life. I had two large bags and one backpack.I WILL VERY SOON APPROACH TO COURTS IF THEY DONT SOLVE THIS, I WILL EDUCATE PEOPLE, WRITE BLOGS, GIVE ADVERTISEMENTS IN NEWSPAPERS AND DO WHATEVER I CAN DO GET JUSTICE.I NEED JUSTICE, THEY ARE DENYING JUSTICE TO ME. 42 DAYS HAS PASSED AND THERE IS NO SINGLE COMMUNICATION FROM THE COMPANY", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "Price is okay, internet was really bad but maybe it was a temporary problem i don't know, punctuality was also bad, in general; it's preferable but it may not be the best choice", 'stars': '4'}
{'review': "My friend needed 2 minutes to download his ticket and one of the bus drivers (who didn't speak english at all and had already been rude to us before) started pushing him out of the bus in a rather agressive way. When he showed them the ticket (everything was in order) they still didn't let him in on the bus just because they didn't want to. Terrible service. I will never use this company again and I don't recommend it to anyone.", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'The bus was clean and on time with a very helpful and welcoming bus driver. It was a smooth journey with free wifi and arrived to the destination on time. I would recommend this company to anyone as their prices are very good and the journey is well worth the money!', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'You can travel the whole Europe with this amazing, super-punctual, super-clean and super-comfortable bus company. Very friendly one! Recommended to everyone', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'I used the service three times total and during all of the trips I was very satisfied with the cheap and effective solution (and alternative to much more expensive trains) they offer.I already reviewed the company very well among my friend and spread the voice among known people.', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': "It was avery 7 hours travel at night, if only i had neck holder it would've been as comfortable as the train and much cheaper", 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'Everything was above my expectations. A new, modern and clean bus, power sockets, wi-fi.', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'Good driver, clean bus, fast trip, not expensive.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': "Very good except the internet wasn't available during my trip", 'stars': '3'}
{'review': 'honestly very good bus service', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'strongly recommended. the cleanness is outstanding.', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'Excellent experience', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'it was overall a very good experience', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'It was trip of my son. Transport was cheap and good. No problems, fine bus, fine staff, no delay.', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'The price and the services are very good.', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'I did a small europe tour where i used flixbus, the first 2 rides went perfect, nothing to complain about, good wifi and leg spaceHowever, when i had to go from Luxemburg to Hamburg, the bus went to the wrong busstop 113 instead of 13. So 2 people saw the bus and went on the trip and 3 people got stranded. Flixbus customer service were very rude, calling a mother a liar on the phone and said the bus has been there. because the woman in the phone think Flixbus is the only green bus in a very busy busstation, and we can see the bus from where we were waiting etc.  The bus was 25 min late, which no info was given. Flixbus said the busdriver waited 10 min for us. Weird that he couldnt go get us or send someone for us.  We had to complain multiple times before they would tell us that the bus when to the wrong place, and then they blamed us for missing the bus. A horrible experience and why i cannot recommend this to anyone. Even thoughFlixbus is a partner of ESN or other student organisations. please consider other options.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Smooth bus trip in clean comfortable seats with good leg room. Great WiFi. Easy to book on line - Would recommend to others Just check where you have to catch it in Florence if you are not familiar with the city', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'The journey succeeded very well. And it was cheap!', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': "I enjoyed my time on the bus. The driver was very kind and actually spoke in English for those on the bus who didn't speak German! I really appreciated that.", 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'It was a quick journey to Strasbourg. The bus was a bit late and was worried but got on time to Strasbourg and the bus driver was friendly and helpful.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'No internet on the territory of Switzerland. Very good bus, nice driver, clean bus, comfortable, it was not crowded on Saturday on an October day.', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'Travelling  was ok and we enjoyed the trip', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'Very good service with a fair price.', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'I am from the US. we have no service like this. This was clean, comfortable, safe and reasonably priced. I would definitely recommend this service to all. And I will use Flixbus again when a future need arises. Thank you.', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'Excellent value for money trip between Zagreb & Ljubljana. Kept up to date with departure information prior to trip. Would definitely use again!', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'Punctual. Clean. Wi-fi OK. Toilet usage is not allowed.', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'Earlier this week I had a harrowing experience with one of your drivers at the Paris, Porte Maillot Station, Route 802 direction Amsterdam Sloterdijk, 2:30 PM departure. I had booked a round trip ticket from Ghent Belgium to Paris from Friday to Sunday and had a very positive first experience riding with Flix Bus on my way to Paris, however today I experienced the most traumatic, embarrassing, and stressful travel experiences of my life because of your driver\'s refusal to allow me on board. I currently live in Belgium, but am an American citizen. Last week I misplaced my passport while visiting a friend (which will be recovered later this week), however this caused me to travel to Paris this week without a passport. To be safe I registered my travel with the U.S. Embassies in France and Belgium, and called Flixbus to find out what their passport policy is. His justification, "My bus, my rules." I asked if at the very least, understanding his concerns about crossing the border, if I could ride the bus as far as Lille, where I could take a reduced fare back to Ghent, without having to pay the full price of a unplanned train ticket back to Belgium. He assured me that by stranding me in Paris, he was teaching me a lesson that I won\'t soon forget. I then spoke with the security at the bus station, explained the situation, showed my credentials, and they decided it was up to the driver\'s desecration whether or not to let me on board. As you can guess, he abruptly shut the door to the bus and very aggressively pulled out of the station, leaving me in an unfamiliar city and without any clear way to get home.I spoke with the Porte Maillot station agent who offered a half-hearted apology and a 5 euro voucher for the "inconvenience." She then suggested, "You\'re better off taking the train." So after suffering a panic attack I recovered enough to endure a harrowing two hours of wandering the streets of Paris and getting off at a series of wrong Metro stops, I eventually made it to Gare du Nord, where I had to pay 76 euro for a one way ticket from Paris to Brussels, and an additional 10 euro to connect from Brussels to Ghent. Essentially to make it home safely, I had to pay more than I did during my entire weekend in Paris, plus endure the stress and anxiety that comes with not knowing when or how I would make it back.So if you would like to be publicly shamed and humiliated and left without any clear way how to get home, this is the travel service for you! Customer service is a joke and will not respond or even remotely attempt to address your concerns.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "Wifi wasn't working at all", 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'My first experience with Flixbus was really good.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Except for punctuality, everything else was good.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'great service, good experience, good price', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Well-organized journey.', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'Bus service was perfect on time to start and reach, very reasonably priced and very convenient timings.', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': "We enjoyed our journey with Flixbus, but were a little worried when the bus was late and there wasn't any way of finding this information out.", 'stars': '4'}
{'review': "As I said already, this trip was OK. But the other trip FROM MILAN TO PRAGUE needs feedback also and wouldn't be as good as this one..", 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'In general, I have a good experience with FlixBus. The app is friendly and easy to use.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Easy to buy and comfortable bus', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'I liked to travel with this company', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'the only thing which was unconvinient is i showed my ticketand passport -  it was confirmed i go put my luggagedriver comes and shouts because i put the luggage in wrong place.i dnt replyi go back to enter the bus while looking at her to see if she wants to see my ticket again...she ignored me while passing next to her - she is at the bus door any way. just before i enter she says  "hey hey hey" i look at her and she asks if i showed her my ticket.this time i asked - thats how you talk to people?and then she was apoligising " i don\'t mean to be rude" and soshe doesnt look like a rude person at all - i actually think she is the opposite of rude.but when you hire workers teach them how to speak to customers - there must be a code of approaching customers .it\'s really not convenient !', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': "Always on time, it's a great experience to travel with your company.", 'stars': '5'}
{'review': "The bus was on time, and even tho I didn't speak the driver's language I had my doubts resolved. Except by the traffic on my route, we were on time. The only thing that bothered me was the size of the seats. Very little space between your seat and the seat in the front.", 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Slept like a dream. Driver was brilliant and punctuality was excellent', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'Great ride with astonishing views.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': "The situation was like that: we were in hurry and jumping from one bus to another in order to get to our final location - Budapest. So we chose FlixBus to get there from Zagreb. At first we tried to buy tickets on the Internet (there they costed €68 for 3 person), but because of bad wi-fi connection at the bus station decided to buy them at a specsalized FlixBus office. I should describe the assistant - a women in her 50, who has  very pure knowledge in English (what is that, guys? Isn't flixbus an inernational line?) and even pure knowledge in PC, coz it took up to 10 min to process our order. Her behaviour was very rude, by the way. In the end she told us a final prise - €156. How? 3 times more expensive than on the Internet!! Since there only 3 min left to the bus departure, we decided to buy the ticket - no choise, that was the only bus for today.Talking about bus itself: in the toilet there were neither water, nor paper.", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'I left my luggage on one of their buses in August. I immediately called their customer service and asked them to contact the driver so that he could hand over the luggage to my friend when the bus reached its final destination. However, all 5 of the people I spoke to refused to contact the driver and my friend was unable to get the luggage. Instead they told me to fill out a form on their website. After filling out the form it took 40 days(!!!) to get a reply from the company telling me that the luggage had not been found... Or well they said "we have not found it but we\'ll let you know if we do". How you can find a lost item after establishing that you don\'t have it is beyond my comprehension... I cannot understand how a company can have such bad routines. Flixbus could have easily solved my problem within a few hours and they would have had a happy customer, instead they lost my luggage and took 40 Days to let me know... In the meanswhile there was no way of contacting their lost and found department. I am seriously disappointed!', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "This was a last minute booking and I was impressed with the booking website all the way to the punctuality and helpfulness of the Driver and staff.  Legroom on coach was excellent and the wifi didn't falter.  Will definitely use again", 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'Good lake and see you soon Flixbus.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': "This company sells tickets they won't honour.We were left stranded in Brussels nord station and they refused to give a proper explanation as to why.We weren't allowed on another bus at a different time and were asked to buy a new ticket from our own pocket.Get a train ticket or drive instead. This company is not yet ready to perform at an international level.** edit (because you can't reply)Hey Carlos, nowhere in the ticket is there even a mention of Megabus. We waited for two hours and the only Megabus that showed up was going to Amsterdam.There were 10+ people in the same situation that day, so attempting to make it seem like this was an error on our part is even a clearer indication of how poorly Flixbus operates and how little you care about customers.Still waiting on a refund by the way.", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Flixbus is a good alternative to the night stay in a hotel and expensive flight. You may look for cheaper flight and then get you destination with Flixbus. If case of connection flight with overnight stay you may easily save money to pay for Flixbus instead of paying for more expensive hotel.', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': "No power sockets (ESSENTIAL when you bring a computer and phone during long trips), no access to youtube.com while using the bus' wifi.", 'stars': '3'}
{'review': 'All in all, it was a good experience, the bus is really  organized and on time.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Comfortable and clean bus, at affordable price. I would use Flixbus again and recommend it to friends.', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': "I personally prefer travelling by train (less pollution, more seating space, drops you in the cities' centers) but I have to admit that this journey was almost perfect. I would have appreciated it more if we made a 15 min stop at an autogrill to eat/rest/toilette.", 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Generally good company and good driver.', 'stars': '3'}
{'review': "I took Flixbus from Munich to Rome on August 27. the toilet basically was closed . The bus first stop was  a smoking break  not a toilet break! about 8 hours later we got a 10 minute toilet break and  when i came out of the toilet i could see the bus on the highway. The real tragedy is in trying to recover my stuff. customer care is least helpful with a  standard response to wait 30 days ( now passed), if i have completed the lost and found form. Please have working toilets and useful care staff.i believe since i didn't offload my stuff its back at your office. please hand it back.", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "It's the second time I use Flixbus on this trip (Bologna-Pescara), the staff was always very nice and when answering my questions, we arrived almost in time (that is not so trivial for a trip in Italy), the electrical current worked well.The only two negative things that I found were:- the internet connection did not work (and there were other passengers who weren't able to connect, it is the connection itself that is undersized);- the small tables behind the seats were very small and bent, so useless because I could not use them. I had to hold my laptop on my leg for all the trip.", 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'an inexpensive but reliable means of transport.', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': "40 Minutes late and the wifi is a lie. [ There's no cake either ]", 'stars': '3'}
{'review': 'I can truly recommend FLIXBUS Company. The Quality of the busses as well as the service is perfect - chapeau to the management team!! I will for sure check out other destinations FLIXBUS is servicing and take advantage of this incredible service.', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': "SCAM! all I can I say is stay away from this bus because they are only liers. I booked tickets to Milan with a voucher I recived from Flixbus and I also booked ticket to Strasbourg. I recieved confirmation and tickets and everything. ok so I went to Milan. I got there with no problems through the Switzerland boarders. Now time to go back home to Germany. The driver would not let me on the bus saying that since I don't have a passport with me, I can't travel with my Aufenthaltstitel which is german residency card. Actually he didn't say anything, when I showed him my ID, he just turned away and called for the next person. I tried to explain to him that I can and I traveled through Switzerland many times with that ID without my US passport. He wouldn't listen to me. I started calling Flix bus and after half an hour on the line waiting, no one did pick up the phone. While I was on the phone, he asked another woman for her passport, she took it out from her purse and without showing it to him, he just said ok go ahead. He didn't even check her passport! whether it was up to date or even under her name, he didn't care. Here I was with legit ID and he didn't let me on. so I was left there all along, in a different country without a language and no clue of what am I supposed to be doing.. I went to the train station and asked them If I could go back to germany with Aufenthaltstitel and they said of course I could and whereever have I heard that I couldn't... It just made me mad that more.. I spend 160 euroes on a train since I got it right there.... So i emailed the customer service and they just sent me a generic email. I wrote on facebook and of course that's when they wantd to appologize but at the end still refered me the email. after reviewing everything they told me nothing that they could do and I do have to have my passport and on top of that they said my voucher was never valid to begin with and canceled my trip to Strasbourg. wow... I mean wow... they sent me a confirmation and booking number and everything and it turned out they had never charged me.... I am glad that had happened, otherwise I woundn't have found postbus. If you do need to book a bus, book it with ANYONE but Flix bus. Bunch of scammers!", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'I have been traveling with this company several times, I guess around six or eight. Only in one of those trips WiFi was actually working. Why do you advertise WiFi if it is in fact not functioning? I guess I should turn to customer protection authorities cause company is giving false information about their services. Secondly, three journeys were delayed, last one for 30 minutes. Thus I missed very important appointment. I am perfectly aware that there are traffic jams etc, but then you must warn travelers that bus departure/arrival times are only indicative and not reliable. This is another reason to complain to customer protection authorities. Indicate realistic arrival and departure times. Moreover, why all the journeys are planned through the middle of major cities which will almost always lead to delays because of traffic jams? Remember that the traffic jams cannot be claimed as force majeure because you can reasonably predict these circumstances and avoid them by re-planing your routes which leads to that customers can ask refund for every delay unless there is a hurricane or circumstances like this. Unreachable customer service is another story. When you call, you "hang" on the line for more than ten minutes and then you just let go and stop trying to call. Each such call costs a lot of money. Who is going to refund me that? And I really needed to contact customer service because I must book my foldable bicycle. However, nobody picked up the phone and nobody replied to my already two emails so I do not know can I or can I not take my bike with me. It is also not possible to book the bicycle when purchasing tickets because system says that there are no slots for bicycle transportation, please contact our customer service and blah blah. Do you have like three employees there? It is indeed the last time I will use this company and will certainly not recommend it to anyone else, actually quite opposite.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'so good bus company for a trip with a reasonable price and beautiful service!', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'I was complain to the customer   Service  of flixbus ,because they had delay bus without note us , I asked for refund of it and now they even had block me of the paying .how can I keeping to be a loyal customer then?', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'Overall service was punctual. BUS CLEAN Goddard recline on seats, Toilet facility OK  very disappointed  no Wi first,  That was a letdown', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'The best choice to go around.', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': "Wifi was really good. I don't need to bother at all in a travel lasting for 14 hours on the way.", 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'The bus departed on time, but due to an unexpected traffic jam, we arrived to our destination 30 minutes after the predicted time.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Excellent! A+ service :)', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'I would not recommend this company to anyone, it is the worst! We did take a bus this summer from Zagreb to Münich, but the driver was about 4 hours late, because he did take a wrong route!Therefore we could not catch our next connection with Flixbus to Hamburg. We arrived at midnight, and we had anorther connection with another company to catch from Hamburg the next efternoon. So we talked to a guy in the Flixbus information at Münich bus station, but he was like... I can\'t do anything, take another line next day and spend your night at a hostel! But we still had this connection from Hamburg that seemed to be impossible to reach. So no matter what, we just "lost" 2 tickets for a amount of 45 EURO.We asked him if Flixbus was going to pay for our expenses for the hostel and if they were willing to pay for some food?We did almost not have a break to eat during the 12 hour long bus trip. Especially the last few hours! But he was not willing to help, so we called the costumer service. The guy in the phone told us, that we could take a train, and the Flixbus would pay some of the expenses and refund the missing trip from Munich to Hamburg. "All" we had to do was to sent a traditionel letter with all the original tickets, and explaine our experience to Flixbus costumer service passengers rights. so we DID! TWO months ago and we still have not heard anything from them!I can not mention that I ever had had so bad experience before with any company.So please for your own sake DO NOT use Flixbus if you are going to plan a longer trip!! It\'s like a living hell!', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'This was our first experience with Flixbus, we have always used the train.  The bus was very comfortable, clean, and punctual.  For us, it was easy to get tickets online, easy to load our luggage and board the bus, and the ride was very comfortable.', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'It is always nice to travel with Flixbus. Comfortable coach, cheap price, and punctual.', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'Comfortable and easy to book also it is almost free trip ,it is a nice company with good service', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'The price is very competitive to train, but less hectic. Wifi and socket connection are marvelous add to the safe journey. I could book the next journey via flix internet.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Good all round service & great value . Just need wi fi on the coach to be perfect Thanks', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'I bought a ticket from Vienna to Munich at 11:30 from Erdberg station. We came there at 10pm and on information screen it showed that bus supposed to come at 11:30 to site 8, we were keep asking drivers from others busses if they can help us but nobody knew anything about the bus and they were rude and laughing form us. After 12pm bus time disappeared from the screen and the station was closed so we were left without place to stay at night in the rain and had to look for a taxi and get a room in the hotel. Also I missed my flight for the next day to London. This was the most horrible experience I ever had. Would never buy any tickets from flix bus again.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Flixbus needs just a few adjustments to become perfect. Would recommend the experience', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'I enjoyed the ride because the bus was very clean. However it was too long a journey with no internet.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Even though it\'s advertised change ticket 15 minute before, it did not let me change it more than 40 minutes before. When called, the employee said, you should leave and can catch your bus so travelled halfway across city to the bus was not there, 3 minute late. The staff there said, can\'t do anything go to \'headquarter\' again across the city. There was no headquarter but just a ticket stall. The employee there said call customer service, they can help, one hour of talking and the rude staff just repeated email, and accused of lying by asking obscure details. Had to buy new tickets and wait 5 hours. Sent an email 14 days ago (4 Sept), an automated reply in German saying "Currently reach us above average number of requests - we ask to be patient, it should exceptionally take longer."  2 working weeks and counting.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "Nice service.... Really it's too cheap but high class", 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'Love flixbus. Easy to get from A to B, easy to book online, competitive pricing, great service, wifi and power to charge phone.', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'My wife and I were very happy and satisfied to use Flixbus because of the service, punctuality, cleanliness and mannerism by the driver and staff', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'It was a lovely experience. I would recommend FlixBus based on this trip.', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'Advertises free wifi In my trip from London to Paris only got wifi once I entered France . Which lasted 20 minutes then said was expired, then on my next bus the next day the wifi was still expired My luggage I was allowed on the bus from London to Paris was fine but when I got to Paris said it was to big despite it being a tiny carry on flight bag I take on flights Made me chuck out the bag and take My stuff on in plastic bags which took up more room than the carry on .Horrible staff barely spoke any English swore and yelled at me In another language when I insisted it was fine for me to hold my carry on bag on my lap were rude and disrespectful will definitely never use or recomend this disgusting company to anyone else', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'I rode in a new and a very comfortable bus with good wifi connection, I will use flixbus again.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Clean, punctual, and reasonably priced. Pleasant trip.', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'Although the bus arrived late it was quick to load us up and get on the way. Very comfortable ride, lots of room. Wifi was excellent. Great trip!', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'The bus was OK and the price was great. If you need to go somewhere it is a great way to go.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': "Horrible experience. Don't have my luggage called their so called crisis Center I will not even started at what point they are incapable and unexperienced. I know from the driver where exactly my luggage is and they told me write an email and wait 30days I ah e so important documents in it from work. I am gonna sue them. It is better to go walking than to take flixbus again.", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'First trip, excellent choice!', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': "We were waiting at the bus terminal from 8.10 for our bus to arrive at the station at 8.30 so we could get good seats. After waiting over an hour for the bus that never arrived, we walked around to find the flix bus office and finally found it. After talking to the rude staff member there from flix bus, his final reply was 'It's not my problem'. He told us that the bus was running with a partnership company and that the bus was purple?. After travelling with flix bus multiple times, we always know to look for the big green bus. Lack of information from the company has now cost us $125 as we now have to catch a plane to split to get our transfer in time, otherwise we will forfeit another $200. No matter how cheap this company is, will not be returning, unless the company can give us a refund, which is unlikely from reading all the reviews. Bottom line is, use this bus company if you like waiting at bus terminals.", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'All drives should please also speak in the English language to international people who are new in Germany example like me', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'Good service, good experience and safe ride, clean and trustworthy.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Good prices, clean new buses, courteous driver. 10 minutes delay on departure within any info... That made some people nervous, wondering if they had missed the bus or maybe were at the wrong stop....', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': "Very nice driver. Puntualita 'svizzera and comodita'", 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'Everything was good, i had all the information i needed to get to the bus stop.I definitely recommend it.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'We had a great trip from London to Brugge. It was on time even with the disruption on the motorway in France. Power plugs worked and there was plenty of leg room on the coach', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': "I was impressed. The coach was clean and comfortable and the drivers friendly and professional.  Couldn't ask for better.", 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'It seems that it has to be reported to highway police in Austria.I kept using his mobile phone while driving on highway (Vienna to Budapest) and sometimes he crossed over to the other driving line.I could clearly see his misconduct was I was sitting on the 1st row in the bus.I claimed this to Flixbus customer service but they never answered me about it only the automatic emails came back to me without any comment regarding this issue.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Have you ever tried FlixBus before? Maybe you should try this out, it is one of the best if not the best.', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': "It was a nice ride overall. We got to Freiburg on time, even though the passage through Rust was slow. It's a bit hard to find your bus when boarding, as the stops don't correspond to the routes, so you have to go check every bus to see if it's the one you're supposed to take. Other than that, it was ok.", 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'The bus was late and i wasnt sure if i would make it to the next one or how i must handle missing a bus. There is no such info on the application', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': "Cheap driving alone is not enough !!!!! Because woe you forget something on the bus. Service apparently has no place in the corporate structure of Flixbus. My daughter has 7 (SEVEN) !!! Week forget a jacket with ALL identity documents in the luggage rack over the middle exit right side in the bus X-31 at the ZOB Berlin. A direct pickup was not possible. Since completing the loss report has received no notice, several calls to the hotline were unsuccessful, even a letter to the management in Berlin remained unanswered !!!!! A UNFORGETTABLE WEAK PRESENTATION We are now traveling abroad with replacement ID documents. After that, only the walk to the lawyer remains. Weakest service I've ever experienced, because not available ............. after eight (!) Weeks move in the matter. The wallet with the identification documents turned up in Amsterdam. By the way, our coming to Berlin remains our thing (no joke), kindly an e-mail address was given from there. By the way, the jacket in which the wallet was was no speech .......... After exactly 70 (seven) days, my child could pick up her wallet at the ZOB Berlin with a bus driver. The jacket in which the wallet was located is not there, as is the cash from the wallet. THAT IS SO AN UNBELIEVABLE FREEDOM THAT NEVER FORGET ME THE WORDS. In the meantime, there was a letter to the management of course, remained unanswered. BUT THE MOST SUBSTANTIAL IS THAT FLIXBUS A SCRUB INTERESTED", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'I asked for information from bus conductor for 08:00 bus from Venice to Vienna he was very rude I thought because he work for the same company he might be helpful', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': "I used their service a dozen of times by now, and at first really liked it. The buses have all the necessary stuff (sockets, wifi, wc), and drivers sometimes tend to be really chatty. I was more than satisfied by my previous trips and so me and two of friends used Flixbus during our recent trip in Italy. France and Belgium although there were cheaper options available. Bus trips in Italy and France went smoothly, no issues on that. But here i want to talk about the last trip that rather disgruntled me and left a sour taste in my mouth, We booked a bus trip from Antwerp to Amsterdam and it arrived more than two hours later than scheduled and in order toin order to get information on the bus we called Call Center several times, first time it was impossible to connect, second time we had to hold the line for quite a long a time and when the phone operator finally came we had just enough time to say our booking number and then the phone run out of balance. The bus driver offered no explanation on this delay and in actuality had an argument with another passenger who has very much upset on the delay. We then wrote down a message to their customer service but they only sent message(which i assume is Automatic) in German. Too bad, i actually liked the service quite a bit. I won't be prioritising it over other providers any longer.", 'stars': '2'}
{'review': 'Long story short: they let us out in the Night in Strassbourg for 10h when the connecting bus did not arrive to pick us up. By that time two other Flixbus for the same destiny (Paris) arrived not willing to take us even if they had free seats and trying to charge an additional 60 euro.  They said it was our fault, as we missed the bus although we were waiting there all the time checking every bus together with six other people who had the same problem. They did not answer to any emails and on tge phone calls 1) they said the bus has a delay 2) the bus made a crash in Germany and 3) the bus was at the buspark and it was our fault not to enter. Absolutely miserable costumer service. In addition the police said it happens often that Flixbus costumers have problems in Strassbourg and the driver from Ouibus also said that every week there are problems with Flixbus passengers getting stranded. We two lost 50euro and 10h by that. 2 Vietnamese girls lost 90euro and 3 days holidays in Paris. Four other guys lost 15euro each. And from Flixbus there is not even a sorry. A shame!!! Never again. Ouibus has an excellent service by the way and they really take care about their passengers.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'On the Prague to Hamburg flixbus the driver did not measure our suitcases but charged us extra 18 euros and would not give us a receipt. He did not speak any english.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'still sitting on the bus as i write, halfway through the trip from genoa to venice , got a call from home advising my luggage was found open and abandoned close to  bus station, this after i had handed it in and was stored in the compartment below. At the stop over , checked and one of the two bags i had handed over is missing and reply i got was to speak to the police once in venice , ie they take no responsability for luggage that was in their custody ,Called  the client service , reply i got was to go through the lost and found form on the website and then go to the police', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'It was all great! On time, friendly and clean', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'Good price and comfortable bus, but bad driver.', 'stars': '3'}
{'review': "I travelled from Dresden to Prague using this bus and it was quite a pleasant experience. We used the double decker bus. The bus from Dresden was 15 minutes late but the one from Prague wasn't. The wifi worked well although it somehow stopped working once we're in Czech (but in the return journey it worked perfectly fine). Overall, worth the money.", 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Very little space; delayed; wifi almost never works; no water on the toilet...', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'We really enjoyed your company and service support, as well as a bus driver with whom we were traveling. We wish your company prosperity and more clients.', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': "If you want to be in time, without any additional savings - do not choose a bus trip. If not - it's quite good service.", 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Very good buses', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'comfortable trip , i felt like i was using the airplane  ..', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Enjoyed Travel using WiFi.,but uncomfortablebecause of  small space within Seats.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': "WiFi is as slow as a snail. Socket and Air conditioner not working. No information whatsoever about delay. All these problems and they still wanna take over Postbus, what a disgrace. Don't make Postbus as useless as Flixbus please.", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'A good and cheap and nice way to travel by bus.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'The Flixbus service is really good - the pricing is good value too.They could provide clearer signage at Franfurt T2 for where to go for the Flixbus pickup points.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': "The smell of the toilet was all over the bus. It is proper scheiße. Won't travel again with flixbus.", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Very awesome bus  service.', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': "I was tired from the trip and didn't  speak the language of the country the driver was very nice and dedicated.Thank you so much", 'stars': '5'}
{'review': "I love travelling, so each weekend i'm trying to find the best and the cheapest way to move. Flixbus was often one of my means of transport. But not on the last time, I wanted to go to Rostock, from Dresden, passing by Berlin. The driver said that he will have 10 minutes break in Alexanderplatz. So I went with my friend to buy some food from a restaurant in front of the stop. After less that 5 minutes we discovered that the bus was GONE, with our luggage, money, wallets , papers , passports .... All what we have was there. We have been to the ZOB in Berlin , no one knows anything, then calling 1000000000 times flixbus service, they told us to fill up a form on the internet and JUST WAIT . It has been 2 weeks now and we got NO answer! It costs us till the moment a big loss of money and time. My friend could not move anywhere because he does not even have any paper prooving his identity. No help , no assitance, no answer , no human touch in Flixbus service ! Since 2 weeks , I've heard too many bad feedback about Flixbux that I used to ignore.But , definetely,  If you are keeping on this service quality , you will get too much trouble and a huge decrease in customers' number. Concerning me, I won't take this bus again but first we need our luggage back !!!!", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'It was a pleasant experience. But you know, it was such a long trip that we literally deserved Internet!', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': "I am very disappointed with flixbus. I took flixbus in early june from Brussels to Bremen. firstly, the bus was late for an hour. Upon arrival, to my horror, my luggage was not in the baggage compartment. i quickly contacted flixbus via Facebook and email because i have some important stuff in my luggage. they told me to wait 4-5 weeks. Fair enough and I've got a answer back from Henri (Flixbus staff) stating that my bag was indeed stolen. and so i asked for reimbursement. i have filled in the online form and also send flixbus emails with the receipts of my belongings (multiple times) and am waiting for their reply. however, months have past and i did not get any response at all. all flixbus does was either telling me to wait (been waiting for more than 2 months) or ignoring my Facebook messages. this is just irresponsible of flixbus for ignoring my messages. i really need to know how long more it takes to process my request. flixbus keep telling me the department dealing with my case is really busy but come on, its been months! and does this indicates that security in flixbus is not good thus leads to the hectic workload in that department to the extend it takes more than 2 months to get a request sorted? Flixbus is really testing my patience! i am tired of you keep on telling me to wait and be patient without telling me roughly when i will get notify on my request. i really want to get an answer from this post as this incident happened more than 2 months ago! this is way too ridiculous! case number: 00669836", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Good value comfortable service with at seat power supply and good wifi', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': "We took the Flixbus from Vienna Schwechat airport to Graz for the first time. We were happy about this connection, which took us directly from the airport exit to Graz. The ride was very smooth and fast. We can only recommend it.  We experienced a little discomfort (too warm) because the cool air outpui from above the seats was took weak to make a difference, but this is but a little minus compared to the BIG plus of the convenient connection being offered and the ride's overall quality. Your satisfied passengers!", 'stars': '5'}
{'review': '1- i didnt have wifi connection inside germany,after poland board, with polskibus,internet was very poor and low speed,in germany,no wifi and data, till berline, from berlin to hamburg with flexibus, there was not wc and wifi in bus, and no drinking water inside bus.2- drivers only speaks in both route polish and germany and i didnt understand what they say,for example how long tjey stay in each stops,or close the seat belt!!!!  This type of information should be in english too. And sometimes it is dangerous for passnager to donot understamd when they should close their seat belt RegardsIman', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'toilets were really smelly throughout the bus and had no toilet paper. Door slammed all the time.', 'stars': '3'}
{'review': 'Unfortunately internet didnt work. I did apreciate the electric socket for phone charger and the sms about the delay of the arrival. This was my first time traveling with flixbus and Im sure I will travel again and I will recommend it to my friends and family.', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': "After all of the positive reviews researched I was looking forward to travelling with this carrier, but never again. My journey: London-Bruges (Return) in August 2016. Delays both ways were over 3 hours! There was NO internet connection either way, and no toilet on the way there. After all the traffic (not FlixBus' fault) and our bizarre(!) route out of London it seemed like adding insult to injury for the company to put us on the cheap slow ferry (both times, and entirely their decision) as opposed to the quick tunnel. On the way back, we were waiting 105 minutes at the ferry depot before setting off (and the DFDS ferry was slow at 120 mins). You get what you pay for, and they are cheap, but their announced times should be more realistic and there should have been internet on board! Both Eurolines and Megabus weren't as bad as this. Even cheap Ryanair flights are punctual. Never again.", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "The bus was comfortable, the driver was kind. There were plugs and wifi on the bus. Everything went fine I'm satisfied with the journey.", 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'The journey was great. Although it arrived a bit late front he schedule, the service rendered to me was great, from luggage handling to free drink on board and WIFI to send pictures on FB to arrival information in destination. The coach assistance was very friendly and the driver was very careful. I will sure travel with Flixbus again.', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'Bought tickets online 2 days before as other transport had fallen through, was punctual, clean, comfortable, good value for money', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'acceptable service for price.needs to improve internet connection.needs to adjust travel time', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Everything was great!', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'The trip in the bus was very good except from Vienna to Budapest the bus is a bit tiny', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': "Travelling from London to La Panne...bus arrived on time at Victoria - that was about all that went right. Didn't fill us with confidence when the steward announced it was drivers first time driving in the uk! Left London via Watford (due to the sat nav sending them the wrong way - aparrently!) Nearly crashed twice once by cutting up a lorry and undertaking the other due to a panic over direction on the M1/M25 interchange which meant we swerved across 2 lanes of a roundabout. Then pretty uneventful until we got the the channel tunnel when they couldnt work out what shuttle we were meant to be on abd when they finally did work this out they couldnt get the bus started which isnt ideal given we arrived there two hours late. To top it all off when leaving the bus we were asked to give a good review! Oh and the toilet was out of order the whole journey and the wifi didnt work", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'This was our first experience of travelling by FlixBus, but we will definitely be using them again. The booking process was quick and clear, with no need to print any confirmations, and good value for money compared to train tickets.The coach was modern, air conditioned and spotlessly clean, with spacious, comfortable seating, power sockets and free, reliable WiFi. Our journey ran exactly to schedule and we arrived feeling rested and refreshed. One thing to note: you will have to load and unload your own luggage, which can be tricky if it has been pushed to the back of the luggage compartment.', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'It was everything a passenger could wish for - comfortable sits, Internet connection, clean WC.', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'My experience with Flexibus was great. I had never used it before and traveling Europe without knowing a few languages is difficult, however, Flexibus was prompt, answered questions, and clean.', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'Great bus company', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': '1st time FlixBus user for Zurich-Munich trip. Overall excellent experience- very clean and well-kept coach with comfortable seating + power outlets; professional staff; and Express route was a great alternative to train travel as there are no stops between Zurich/Munich. Coach safely arrived ~10-15min ahead of schedule. Will definitely be using FlixBus services again and recommending to others.', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': "Excellent, brilliant...that's all that I can say", 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'Bus departed on time and arrived on time. It was an enjoyable trip.', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'Flixbus consists of different suppliers, who provide busses. That said the experience may vary from nice to awful. This one was nice, but my another trip was horrific. Treat it just like an unknown bus ride, depends on your luck.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Using Flixbus has been a great experience. Our journey from Calais to Paris was wonderful. Having air conditioning was really helpful as it was a hot day. We think the foot rest bars are a real treat. We will be recommending this bus service to all our family and friends.Nailah and Kirsty', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'Unfortunately our bus came with delay for 15 minutes. We need to wait for it on a street when it was rain. No SMS about delay was received', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'The bus was clean and seats were comfortable. Punctual departure and arrival from the heart of Wien to the heart of Graz.', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'It cheaper and comfortable....it was a great experience', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'First time to exploit the services of this company ... I was even scared that the service did not exist at all, and that I would not locate the stop, or that I missed the trip for a while. But everything is fine.', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'I took a Flixbus connecting bus transfer and should change from one bus to another at 1 am. As the first bus was 2 hours late, I was pretty sure I had missed the connecting bus scheduled 1 hour before our arrival. The bus driver was not able to help me at all in this awkward situation! Finally, I found it out by coincidence that my second bus was also 1 hour late and caught it fortunately. This should definitely be better organized by the service provider!', 'stars': '3'}
{'review': "I had a wonderful and satisfying experience traveling with flixbus and I'm forward to continue traveling with Flixbus .", 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'Comfortable, on time and affordable', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'All good a bit cold though', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'A bus company with very average service and care for customers. We took a night bus to London via Brussels and the company managed to lose our check in luggage. They have since been non-existent to deal with, never returning calls and seemingly unwilling to even attempt to track the luggage down. Would not recommend based on this experience.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Bus driver very nice, clean bus, on time, driver kept everyone up to date and spoke a little english', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': "I couldn't have wanted a better service. WiFi could be faster, but bus was tidy, driver was helpful, bathroom was clean and it was overall spacious. Awesome bus company and I recommend it to others.", 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'My girlfriend and I decided to go for a one-day trip to Malmö from Copenhagen. We found some cheap tickets with Flixbus, but maybe it was a bit too cheap! No service, total of 1,5 hour delay without information, tried to call the hotline, but no answer so hang up after 15 min and when the bus arrived non of the employees spoke Danish, Swedish or English.', 'stars': '2'}
{'review': "I enjoyed my experience with Flixbus from start to finish.  It started with my online reservation.  The website was easy to use.  I then loaded the mobile app.  The app had directions that led me to my bus stop.  The bus arrived on time and departed on time.  The bus was clean and the seats were comfortable.  Best of all, the price!  I can't wait for my next trip.", 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'i fell asleep soundly and woke up at my destination', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'I bought two tickets for the bus from Copenhagen to Berlin at 12.05 the third of august. However, the bus was cancelled about an hour before it was supposed to leave due to a breakdown. As my sister and I had already left and where waiting for the bus at Ingerslevsgade I did not notice the e-mail they sent me. When I finally noticed it, it was too late to cancel the reservation, as it was less than 15 minutes till departure.We were automatically given tickets for another ride instead - three hours later than we were supposed to leave - meaning we would not arrive in Berlin till 11.30 pm. So we had to skip the bus and buy some quite expensive tickets for the train instead. Later we got texts saying that we would receive a voucher for a free ride due to the breakdown. Five days later I have not received anything but a request to rate the journey.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'The ride was really pleasant, it was a little unclear with signage at the Marseille pick-up point but there were other passengers standing there so figured it out easily. The toilet on board was much cleaner than I have usually come across on coaches, having air freshener really helped. There was another guy from Flixbus on board other than the driver who was really friendly and helpful. He made an announcement at the start about the journey, wifi (which was really good), toilets etc which was really great as usually with other buses I am just left wondering. Seats very comfortable and spacious as well. Would definitely recommend!', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'We booked return tickets from Düsseldolf  to Bruges on 31/07/2016-01/08/2016On the way to Bruges, bus was 1 hour late. But it was ok.( because bus was coming)On the way to Düsseldolf, we were in trouble.Our original departure time was 17:20 at Bruges.When We were waiting for the bus at the bus station, we got a text that "Your bus 080 with destination Dortmund is 1 hour and 40 minutes late."Actually it was already at 17:20. And we kept waiting, but bus didn\'t come although after 19:00.We knew that sometimes bus comes late, so we just waited there.We sent mails for customer service and ask about when the bus is coming.But, no answer. Also other passenger called Flixbus customer service and then she told them about our situation. But They told us that " Bus was coming around 19:30 and no one there..."We couldn\'t believe what they said. Because we (there were 4 persons) waited at the bus station from 17:00 until 22:00For sure, the bus didn\'t come to Bruges!!!!We had to back to Düsseldolf at that day.Because I had work next day. But it was already around 22:00.So we didn\'t have choice which back to Düsseldolf. we took a train to Brussels and stay a night and next early morning, we back to Düsseldolf by train.So we paid over €200 for train tickets and the hotel.We think they should pay this expenses and also refund. Because it was them fault.We sent E-mail and receipt of train  for FlixBus. But they didn\'t answer...We never use Flix bus again!!!!We don\'t recommend to use this company, otherwise they make your trip horrible.Dear CarlosThank you for your reply.But your colleges still hasn\'t contact me.And I sent a e-mail to your company again, but no answer...What is the situation with my refund?', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Bus driver (or assistant) did not announce all in English. Only German was used throughout the trip. For some people like me who do not speak German, this is annoying not being able to understand all announcements.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Excellent trip. The only comment I have is the lack of soap in the toilet. Other than that, everything was perfect. Bus arrived at Tiburtina at 2:00 PM, half an hour ahead of the scheduled arrival time. Excellent!', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'No wifi and no info before departure about intermediate destinations as one of it was mine.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': "Having missed original connection home contacted customer service who found journeys to get us back to London gave all details it was easy to book and pay online - unfortunately don't have facility to book by telephone. The lady who organised our new trip couldn't have been more helpful despite the language barrier causing initial mix up in starting point of our journey. The coach and facilities were very good and would recommend as a brilliant alternative to having to drive yourself - much less stressful and a very relaxing way to start your holiday.", 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'Everything was great. I was comfy and everything went well. Made time fly by.', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': "Nice buses. Don't rely on ETAs on the app or site.", 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'The traveling with FlixBus is ( awesome , comfortable , on the time and Rates are appropriate )', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'Modern, clean and on time', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'Bus in good condition & comfortable. Driver started on time & very safe driving.Internet was not working. Free seating arrangement on boarding without any pre-allocation of seats was not good.', 'stars': '3'}
{'review': 'Good connections, decent price and helpful stuff. If the punctuality was better, I would be completely satisfied.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Pleasant journey, but broken toilet and bad smells make it unbearable at some point.', 'stars': '3'}
{'review': "Booking at home was simple. Not speaking German made it slightly difficult finding correct bus stop and knowing what driver was saying en route. Bus was half an hour late arriving for departure but we received text informing us so didn't worry. Final arrival time was an hour later than expected which made it slightly stressful as I felt I was inconveniencing host of apartment we were staying at. Overall it is a very good value way of travelling and I would recommend it.", 'stars': '4'}
{'review': "I would repeat for sure, but now I know that punctuality won't necessarily happen.", 'stars': '4'}
{'review': "We got to the bus station one hour before the bus.   We boarded the bus with no problems in fact the bus was extremely clean and extremely nice we were surprised given the previous bad reviews .   Then for American girls got on the bus with tickets they purchased over one month ago and there confirmation numbers were confirmed by the attendant .   We have now waited over one hour and 10 minutes so far ,  and they still have not resolved this issue .   They did ask the girls to get on a bus that was leaving 20 minutes later the girls prefer this bus .   My guess is there are probably about 60 people on this bus that are going to be late and people that have booked expensive tors that will be missing them and will never get a refund .   The situation should have been handled immediately as the girls told them this problem right upon the time we should've been leaving .   They could've put them on a train or a different bus or taxi there were millions of options instead they decided to make all of us sit here and wait for what is so far over one hour with no progress being made .   Then they hung up on the girl because she is upset on the phone .   Of course she's upset she said young lady ,  in a foreign country that doesn't speak the language and is getting no assistance .   The bus driver has now convinced for other people to leave the bus and perhaps we will be leaving soon .    The 20 minutes has passed now and the other buses ready to leave in fact it will probably be leaving before our bus .   your five star review just turned into a one star review and if I could leave a zero star I would have !!!", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Bus arrived precisely at time, driver was polite and helpful.Bus was comfortable, it had air conditioning and good WiFi connection.', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'Awesome company, efficient and reliable. Will definitely be using flixbus on my next trip. Cheers!', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'Decent treatment and very little friction', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': "The trip was terrible. We would travel from Eindhoven to Stuttgart, with a connection in Dortmund. Our bus arrived with a delay of 2 hs and the driver said that the bus would stop in Dusseldorf and could not go to Dortmund.It took some time until my wife and I understood that, because we needed help of other people who spoke English and German to translate what the driver said (the driver didn't speak English). We don't know yet what happened, and why we couldn't reach Dortmund with the service.So, we were left in Dusseldorf near 1 am, and needed to arrive in Dortmund before 3 am. No one from Flixbus could help us, no English speaker.  We needed to call a friend to contact the customer service and get some help, since we were also not able to call them by ourselves.They suggested us to take a train between Dusseldorf-Dortmund, but it was not possible because it would arrive in time for our connection in Dortmund. This way, a guy from the costumer service that told us to pay a taxi and go to Dortmund, and that they would refund us with the value.  We took the taxi and spent 162 euros with that. We sent the receipts and information to the company by email and we had no answers (just the automatic ones). We called the customer service twice and they gave us template answers that our case will be analyzed and we should wait.There were almost 3 weeks since we did this terrible travel and we were not refund yet. We spent twice more than we planned. It would be better to buy another bus/train tickets in Dusseldorf and travel by ourselves because our financial loss would be smaller and we could enjoy the trip with no worries.I found here similar cases so I do not recommend the service. It was my first time using the Flixbus and the last one. I had never experienced something like that before.========================UPDATE: 24/08/16Hi, the customer service replied me after a period of a month and I was completely refund by the company.Thank you.Rafael.", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Busses are clean and quite confortable, and drivers are good. They know what they are doing. But I took 4 different trips with Flixbus, none of which had wi-fi. The last one did not even had energy available to charge my phone.', 'stars': '3'}
{'review': 'Apart from an electricity socket which did not work on the way to Brussels and did not help me to save my smarphone battery, for a first journey with your company, it convinced me to renew the experience with you.The four drivers I met while i was travelling with Flixbus were efficient and available to answer any specific question.On the whole I am satisfied with your service.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Everything about them is awful.  Worst customer service ever.  Busses always late our sometimes never show up', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'The bus is clean, but if have English announcement will be better', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'I took flixbus from Copenhagen to Berlin. The driver didn\'t speak English at all. We were an hour delayed, but the driver chose to not give any information about that. All of the above could have been fine, if there had been no more trouble. But on the departure day, they chose to change the bus from 9:45 to 7:30 without informing us in any way. I called them and asked what this were about, and they said it was their mistake and that I should take another departure home. Unfortunately for me I had to catch a connection in Copenhagen. So I couldn\'t simple just take a later bus. I told costumer service my problem, and he found a train that would bring me to Copenhagen the same time as the bus would have, he then informed me that I just had to pay for the tickets and then send an email with the receipts. I wanted to be sure this wasn\'t a "trick" , so he asked his manager that also said yes to this, and he wrote an remark about it on my case/booking. When I came home, I wrote them an email with all the information I got told to put in, but no answer. Tried calling, rudest service ever. Wrote on Facebook, got told by 3 different employes to send a provate message, so I did. But then only answer were useles just a standard reply to everything. And the other times no answer at all, even though 3 employes wrote on the Facebook post, that I made on their page, that they would do their best to fix the problem and give me an answer today. I never heard anything so I must assume they are ripping me off. Do not use flixbus they will cheat you for your money and then pretend nothing happened! Rude and horrible company, the worst experience I ever had with a company like this!!!!', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'A company that you can trust', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'We waited for the bus 45 minutes but it was not arrived, we called them on phone but they did not reply correctly also they did not send me any notification before and after departure. Therefore i enforced to take a taxi to not miss my flight.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'The bus was on time and the trip was cozy.', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'Reliable, onetime, good wifi, clean and comfortable. Good driver and co-driver.  Good stop on the way. Only recommendation is that all luggage should be tagged and ensured that the rightful owner receives his luggage', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'Excellent company offering incredible value for money trips direct from Vienna airport into the heart of Graz for as little as €9 per person. Great trip and journey not too long. Comfortable ride. Will use again.', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'FLIXBUS IS UNTRUSTWORTHY WORST CUSTOMER SERVICE!  My trip to Berlin were more than 4 hrs delayed and Flixbus therefore offered me a chance to cancel and get a full refund. They instruct me in a text t', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "it's fast, cheap. it also has internet on the bus", 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'This company offers perfect low-cost transfer within a comfortable bus. My minus point is for no-working wifi, there was no possibility to connect the wifi and it was not only me, people around had the same problem. The other thing is that our bus was delayed on our return-way for almost 30 min! The company requires a phone number but they have no idea how to use it! No text message notification about delay. I tried to call their support also no respond only 10 min waiting for a line transfer.', 'stars': '3'}
{'review': 'Best alternate to Air and Train with watching landscape and countryside in Europe. Very Affordable  price and also with free Wi-Fi.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': "As I have mentioned before, the bus from Amsterdam Sloterdijk to Brussels Nord was delayed 30 mins. I was waiting at the stop in Sloterdijk and asking drivers if this was my delayed bus to Brussels. When the bus finally come it did not have any marking or indication it is going to Brussels. I've asked the driver, who finished its shift, if this is bus to Brussels. I was told, it isn't and the actual one will come in 10 mins. Then it turned out it was the right bus. Since I was given incorrect information, I missed the delayed bus. Although via the Customer Service, I have managed to reschedule my booking for an hour later without any additional costs. As an suggestion, for delayed buses person, who handles the departures, should shout out loud the destination of that delayed bus. The journey itself was pleasant and fast, though internet connection was very poor. I will continue to use Flixbus services, despite this unfortunate case.", 'stars': '3'}
{'review': 'This is undoubtedly the most efficient way to travel from Graz to Vienna International Airport at an extremely competitive price.   The bus driver was competent and friendly.  Beverages, as well as a toilet, were available. We arrived punctually at our destination;  our luggage was removed by the driver and handed over personally to the passengers.   There are, in fact, no grounds for criticism!  I would not hesitate to recommend FlixBus to my friends.', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': "I had no issues with Flixbus. They were prompt, clean, comfortable and reliable. I do not speak much German and it was all still very clear and easy even though I didn't understand the announcements.", 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'Clean, fast, good wi-fi. I had a great trip to Croatia and back.', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'Could have given it a 5 but the bus was late and we arrived at our destination 2 hours late.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Comfortable, punctual, good announcements, easy to book.', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'Positive: Fast,Comfy and cheapNegative:Was missing entertainment in English and Italian, the driver launched the luggage violently  in the bus :(', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Great service, would definitely recommend', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'i would like to have a service number and advice for travel so i can make a more informed choice of my trip !', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'All super, with the error time is tolerable)', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'Would recommend for others, reasonable prices good bus networks to almost everywhere mostly punctual relatively clean and a really comfortable trip.', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'We were very happy with the service. The pick-up and drop-off locations very convenient. Taking the train into Amsterdam center took only six minutes. The bus departed on time, the driver was very nice and helpful. Overall a good experience for us.', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'Everything about the bus and the journey was great except for the fact that the bus was 30 mins late due to construction in the city. The problem is we were not notified neither via SMS nor was there any information at the bus stop.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'We started our trip 10 min later and we arrived 10-15 min later.We got also stuck in Milan traffic on the "Circonvallazione" for 40 min. This was the first time I travelled on that way. I have used other companies and they drove on faster tracks. Really strange to me this different way', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'fine, cool trip enjoyed, no stress', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': "In my opinion, FlixBus services are very good, nice and friendly drivers/ coach, punctuality, safety, clinliness, etc. In my next trip to Europe i'll definitely use FlixBus to travel among Euro countries.M.Yarmohamadi", 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'All gooooooooooooodddddddddd!!!!', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Very punctual. Good driving. Please do something to make the wifi work!', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'I was very impressed with the transport provided. Plenty of leg room and the coach was spotless. The drivers were professional, drove safely and were smart and friendly. I did not know there was wifi on board. There is a lack of signage at Ljublina coach station so I did not know where to wait. Later I saw the easily identifiable Flix buses all depart from the same area but I was worried had missed the bus. Absolutely I would use the service again as excellent value.', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'Highly recommended bus: fast, cheap and convenient!', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Everything was good except the bus was one minute late from munich and 4 minute late to innsbruck.', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': "We purchased 2 tickets for 1/7/2016 for the London-Amsterdam Flixbus service for an urgent family matter, with a changeover in Brussels. 15 minutes before the planned 10am departure from London Victoria Coach Station, we received a text informing us about a 4.5 hour delay (!). Fearing that we will miss the connecting bus at Brussels and get stuck in the city overnight, I clicked on the link in the message to write an email cancelling the tickets and claiming a refund (an option in the message with the corresponding email link). Also, I purchased 2 tickets for the 11am service to Amsterdam (changeover in Antwerp, scheduled to arrive at 22:40) and boarded this bus. This was just the beginning of a nightmare journey.While waiting in the queue for the Eurotunnel in Folkestone, our driver informed us that that there is an expected delay of 3-4 hours due to a problem in the tunnel. While navigating with the bus in the queue, we had a minor accident with an adjacent car, which our bus driver ignored and drove off... It took 4 hours to cross the Channel indeed, but our driver ensured everyone that at the first stop in Europe he will announce contingency plans for those who were about to miss their connecting buses due to the delay. It never happened, and after we went passed our first scheduled stop in De Panne, I asked the driver in Brugge about the arrangements for the passengers who already missed their connecting bus in Antwerp and his promised announcement, that never happened. He nonchalantly told me that we should phone the customer service ourselves!!! In panic, I did so and explained the situation. The German operator (if you choose English, you are doomed: you get connected to an operator repeating the words 'refund or voucher' without even trying to understand the situation...) finally understood the nature of the trouble, and he called me back in 50 mins with the news that they've arranged a connecting bus at 22:00 from Brussels to Amsterdam that we'll catch. So we did, and finally got to Amsterdam just after midnight, which meant instead of public transport we had to take a taxi to our accomodation. We both were a distressed bag of nerves by then.You would believe that it's impossible to trump as a bad travel experience, but the return trip on the 4/7/2016 from Amsterdam to London (changeover in Antwerp, scheduled arrival: 17:45) added a new factor: the fear of death. Another non-communicating German driver decided to take a ferry (!) across the channel this time, a decision he made himself as I accidentally overheard him on the phone. He forgot to communicate this to the passengers, despite the fact it straightaway meant a 3-hour delay at the minimum compared to the Eurotunnel route.We were hours late arriving to London at night, when the top of our bus hit a height restricting barrier driving into a tunnel! And our driver didn't seem to care, he drove on into the tunnel as if nothing had happened!! We were literally fearing for our lives as the driver drove between the two tracks, trying to avoid crashing the top of the bus in the wall of the tunnel on either side. The driver then lost the plot completely: first he drove straight into the City of London, making a tricky U-turn after coming to a corner the bus could not manage. Then he got lost again right next to Victoria Coach Station, where he drove us to Brompton Road to make another road-blocking U-turn at the Victoria & Albert Museum. From this point a fellow passenger was helping the bus driver out with his phone and Google Maps to find the destination... Finally we arrived at Victoria Coach Station, and could only laugh when we had to drive out again to go to the international arrivals instead a block away. Almost 5 hours late, after another nerve-wrecking travel experience topped with a fear of death, we finally disembarked at 22:15.Despite several complaints through mail and phone, to this day we still haven't received a formal apology nor a refund from Flixbus for the cancelled trip. The elusive customer service line is total shambles, in three attempts asking for the refund I received the following replies on the phone, in chronological order:1. it will be transferred in 5 working days (didn't happen)2. I didn't claim a refund at all, they haven't registered anything3. and lastly, it will be transferred in 4-6 weeks(!!!)", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'FlixBus have a nice service', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': "Nice service but it's better to have some warm clothes with you", 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'It was comfortable trip. Thanks!', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'Easy to book from overseas, excellent assistance in making the booking, bus service on trip was excellent, clean buses, good driving, punctualwould definitely recommend this company if you want to travel', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': "On the 29th of June I had booked the 5:45am bus with Flixbus from Dresden Central to Berlin SXF airport, which was to arrive at the airport at 7:50am.I was waiting at the bus stop from 5:20am. This 5:45am bus never arrived. After 6 am one guy telelephoned Flixbus as there were a few of us waiting for this bus and we were all getting anxious as we had flights to catch, he was told it would be another 10 minutes.  At 6:30am the 6:15am bus arrived 15 minutes late and it took all of us that we're waiting. Once on the bus we had no internet service at all.Unfortunately for those of us that had been waiting for the 5:45am bus we didn't arrive at Berlin SXF until 9:10am.For myself and others the boarding gate had closed. I had missed my flight and my connecting flight in Paris and any chance of getting home that afternoon. So after an overnight train journey and a full next day on a train and 350euro out of pocket I finally arrived home the next day at 5pm.When I arrived home I sent a complaint about the fact the bus never turned up nor had I been notified it wasn't coming plus the fact that I had paid 19 euro for the 5:45am bus and the 6:15 bus had only been 12 euro when I had booked it. The reply back was I should of allowed more time for my flight and to send my booking number so they could inform me as to why I hadn't been notified of the delay. I have had no reply and have since sent another complaint but have had no response. If the bus had of arrived on time and we had of been delayed on route to Berlin due to traffic problems or an accident , then I could understand. But for the bus to not turn up at all and no notification to anyone that there would be a delay ...to me that is totally unacceptable and disgusting. IT WAS A BUS GOING TO AN AIRPORT of course people have flights to catch.Reply to FlixbusThanks for your reply Flixbus. I did give my phone number but it appears it didn't go through. I had 3 trips booked with your company in that week I gave my number with each booking, the ph number came through on the other two bookings but doesn't appear on this one. Seeing as your buses travel such long distances and you offer bus services to airports. Maybe it could be bought to customers attention when making a booking that these buses can run up to 11/2 to 2hrs late due to the distance they have to travel and the possibility of traffic delays and driver rest breaks. As when I booked your bus the web site gave 3 departure time options 3.20am 5:45am  6:15am that morning of three buses arriving Berlin SXF from Dresden that morning all with an arrival time before 9am and in actual fact due to traffic delays etc that you are claiming? Supposedly only the early bus at 3.20am would of made it before 9am. Had I been made aware of this fact prior to booking I could of booked the earlier bus. There were a few distressed people waiting for that bus on the 29th and a few people did miss their flight. When the booking is made it doesn't mention where the bus is coming from and that it could have long delays. In all fairness to your customers this should be clearly stated.", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "I booked a return from from Eindhoven to Bruges with Flixbus, thinking that it would be more convenient and less stressful than driving. However, that was a mistake. A few things to be aware of if you're considering booking Flixbus:1) The bus can run extremely late, and they won't inform you of it accurately. From Eindhoven to Bruges, the bus arrived 30 minutes late, and on the way back, the bus arrived an hour late. In the end, along with a 45 minute 'break' at a remote gas station despite the fact that we were running extremely late already, I arrived in Eindhoven 2 hours later than the time given by Flixbus.2) Nothing works. The toilet wasn't working, and the wifi that they advertise  for all trips is a false claim because it apparently doesn't work outside of Germany. 3) Extremely unfriendly staff. The bus driver snapped at passengers who asked why we had to have a 45 minute stop at a remote gas station when the bus was already running 1.5 hours late. My guess is that it's a legal requirement, but it's only a guess because we were given no explanation about it. If the driver would taken the time to explain the reason for the stop, we would have all been in a better mood.In conclusion, whilst Flixbus is a great concept and appears to offer a convenient alternative to driving or trains, I would advise users to think twice before booking because he or she may be in a for a long and frustrating journey.", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'The lost and found team does not work, it\'s just for an automatic message "We do not find your bag, we are sorry but fu** you".They are inaccessible for a chat. Other employees are in charge to say anything, but nothing about seeking lost luggage.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Easy enough to find with some help from Hotel staff.  Not too hard to book trip and charge in advance.  No internet service on trip even though this was supposed to be available.  Driver spoke limited English but enough to get the job done!', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Nice service - bus arrived early in London (from Paris), lots of space between seats, fast WiFi, cheapest tickets I could find at short notice, and conveniently can cancel/change tickets online.', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': "The trip was cool considering the distance and the price I paid....it's really worth it", 'stars': '4'}
{'review': "I'm glad that I booked your service for all my trips around European countries ! Plus, I will tell my friends for whoever would like to travel around the European countries like me to use Flixbus services! :)", 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'No information at Bus Stop for departure and it makes restless for first time users. please establish some information system so that passengers can relax.WiFi was not working. so please correct it.Toilet was not working so please take care of it.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'No complaints at all', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'It was fast trip no any complain fast Internet connection I like flexbus', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'I give my advice to the people travel by bus to Europe to use this service in future', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': "I booked with Flixbus 2 rides. One from Venice to Ljubljana and the other from Ljubljana to Zagreb. The second one was an awful experience. The departure should have been in 4:30 in the morning. I waited until 5:30 and as I had not clue if it is just late or if it won't come at all, so I took a train at 6:20.I was waiting in the pouring rain with only 1 hour of sleep and was frustrated to find that their 24 7 service is not available. I contacted them trough Facebook and they responded while I was already in train for Zagreb and said to me that the bus was late 30 minutes. This was an obvious lie, so I got even more frustrated. There is one place where Flexibus gather in Ljubljana I was in front of it the whole time.So, the biggest problem was not that it was late but that they would not accept to give me a refund wich is in my opinion considerably small when comparing how frustrated I am now and that I will share my bad experience with this company with my friends and family. So, hopefully they will not do business with them as I did.They can be called Flexibus as I see that they are flexible with their timeline. So, please do not use this company if you are not flexible with yours.", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'The bus left on time, was clean and very comfortable, having wifi for free is one of the best things for tourists, I also appreciate very affordable price', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'The trip was good, punctual service and comfortable coach. I would have like to use more WIFI.', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'Booked online, Malmo to Copenhagen, return trip. The trip went well, but the trip was a disaster.1. I noticed that the wrong dates were on the tickets. It seems that Flixbus changes their journey to the next day. A default setting that seems strange when traveling short distances between Malmö and Copenhagen.2. On the billiards and the website was the time for the bus at 19.10. At the sign at the bus stop in Copenhagen stood at 19.40 ??? What is right? 3. Does not matter because the bus never appeared! After an hour\'s wait, we decided to take the train instead.4. I wrote an email to Flixbussen the same day when we returned to Malmö. I did not want a "credit voucher" but the money back instead. They have not responded! Bad style, I think.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "it's good and safe.", 'stars': '5'}
{'review': "Toilet wasn't working, and there were no internet (not only connection, but WiFi hotspot itself was missing)", 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'The drive was very smooth, the bus was very punctual and the coach was very clean and comfortable. My only complaint is that the bus did not pull into the parking space we expected it to and very nearly missed it. We had to ask the driver of another Flixbus which bus was actually going to Lyon and boarded just before our bus departed.', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'Great service - bus was clean, comfortable, on time, drivers and other staff courteous.', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'It was very please ® journey no problems at all.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'The bus was 30 min late but I got a text hours before to let me know that. We left 50 min after the set time. The toilet was broken and there was no entertainment or snacks (our ride was 11hrs long) wifi was great, super fast, but very limited and after 1,5-2hrs I had teached the limit and had no wifi for the rest of the trip. The price was very good and the driving too.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': "I recently booked a return trip from Vienna to Berlin with Flixbus. At €22 each way the price was magnificent. Arriving in the morning in Vienna my bus to Berlin left just after scheduled and we were on our way. After about the 1st hour of the trip the WiFi stopped working and did not work for the remainder of the journey.The bus ended up arriving in Berlin around an hour later than scheduled. Now I am waiting in Berlin for my return bus. I got here early as advised and so far (45 minutes after scheduled departure) the bus hasn't shown up. Looking on their website it says that the bus is on time... I hope it eventually turns up.TL;DRThese guys provide a cheap comfortable service but if punctuality and reliability are important to you then maybe look elsewhere.", 'stars': '3'}
{'review': 'I was amazed by the punctuality of Flixbus because time is important for travellers. It enhances the whole travelling experience. Furthermore, the bus is clean and has lots of space. Great experience travelling with Flixbus.  Checking in using mobile application is extremely convenient and thoughtful for travellers.', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'My first time and very pleased with the price I paid from Nice to Genoa', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'Easy and comfortable journey, great wifi, lots of leg room and berry efficient service.', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'I booked a trip from Brussels to Mainz. There was no direct bus, so I had to change on Leverkusen Mitte. I spontaneously decided to do this trip, so I had booked just 3 days before my departure. Usually, I use train, but in that situation I wanted to try a bus to discover one more city on my way to Mainz. Of course, after I realized that Leverkusen is not the best choice. The trip was very well priced, I paid around 40 EUR, relatively around 10 per each bus I used. Starting from Brussels to Leverkusen Mitte(the first bus), everything was fine. I did not try the wi-fi on the first bus. However, I did not like the second part of the trip from Leverkusen Mitte to Mainz, because of delay. This is not something to blame the company for. They send me two messages that the bus will be late 50 minutes and 75 minutes. The bus arrived with 105 minutes delay. The wi-fi on this one was extremely slow, even though most of the people were sleeping. I was 2 seats away from the toilet, it was smelling unfortunately. The driver was the worst experience on this trip. I am not aware how many breaks usually a driver should do, but this one did once 20 minutes and once 5 minutes for 200km. He even got confused in Wiesbaden and went into wrong direction which caused even bigger delay. On my way back everything was good. The drivers were very nice, especially from Leverkusen to Brussels. The wi-fi was working good. There was even a coffee machine in the bus, I think the coffee was for free, but I am not sure. Overall I would grade that company with 7 out of 10. The advantages are free wi-fi, good price/quality, relatively new buses, not so many ppl, in 3 out of 4 journeys I was sitting alone, plenty of space between the seats.Disadvantages - the driver in the second bus, some maintenance issues like some lamps were missing and when the air-conditioning is turned on you have to put something in the hole in order to stop the cool stream.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Do not use this company because they are very badly organized. The first and last time I took this because the wrong destination was written on it, and the wrong bus number too. And I had to guess that it was not the good news that was displayed, so I did not board a bus to Milan knowing I was going to Paris. It seems that it does not pose a problem for them such a difference of destination..I do not recommend this company, and will never take these cars. This company is in addition to bad faith. Good luck to those who have already booked their coach tickets!', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Had a very comfortable travel. The Driver was cool & friendly, air conditioned worked well, the bus was neat. Overall had a good experience with Flexibus. Will travel again. I think it matters a lot how the Driver behaves, as for the entire journey he is kind of a host.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Well, there are no toilet and no internet but the rest is fine. Driver is friendly...', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Nice driver good travel experience', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'Thank you for pleasant journey :)We slept all night long in bus :D', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'Recommended.', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'Will definitely travel with flixbus again.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'This was due to their careless managing of luggage and people.This was 5 months ago. At first I was awfully treated by their employees. Two of them actually told me ït\'s not my problem". After that was totally ignored no answers, nothing. Then, they made me come up with the receipts of the lost Items. For the receipts I could find (around 50% of what I had), they reduced the values almost by half, even though my stuff was 1year 4months old (they applied a ridiculous 3-year depreciation). Now all they say they will pay (around 1/4 of what they owe me) out of "good-will"I have no words to describe all that Flixbus made me go through, and how much frustration I had to endure so far. PLEASE don\'t support this company, do not travel with them!One more thing, I just met another person who is going through the exact same thing, it seems to be their operating procedure.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Good service but poor notification about delay. Made me worry about missing the bus.', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'I like Flixbus, such a great experience with a but', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'It was a a great journey from Cologne to Zurich, on time without any hiccups.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Good clean coaches, helpful and friendly drivers. Very happy to recommend Flixbus and will certainly use again.', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'Good service with time punctuality, Can be booked without problem', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Choices flixbus really its cheap and its comfortable!', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'Very good places, very comfortable, some stress during luggage stowing.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Busts new, comfortable, very kind and friendly staff, always smiling. The buses have a plug and some wifi connection.', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'I decided to use FlixBus to get back to Hamburg instead of taking the train because it was one fourth the price of the train ride. The bus was clean, seats were reasonably comfortable and the ride ended up being shorter than originally anticipated, shorter than the train ride too. Only thing I could think of to criticize was the unpleasant smell of the coach restroom.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Late by an hour', 'stars': '3'}
{'review': 'This is the best way from Bratislava to Vienna Airport. Except for the somewhat dilapidated state of the Bratislava Novy Most Station, which the City needs to fix (not the bus company) everything was perfect.', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'it was punctual, which is the best feature', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Good company but with some details to improve such as cleaning of the toilet and Wi Fi connection which did not work at any moment.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'i really enjoyed my trip from memmingen to munich !', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'A really good service!', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'I would recommend Flixbus', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': "It wa great although i couldn't use wifi.", 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'I really have nothing to say, the driver was to the point and by the book, the ride was fine.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'I traveled with Flixbus from Amsterdam to London, and had a terrible journey with them. I then proceeded to call them and was told to send an email to Forderungs Management. I did that but it has been more than 2 weeks and I still have not received any reply. I therefore decided to leave a review, by copy and pasting my complaint email below, which described my terrible experience in detail."Dear Forderungs Management,I am writing to you to request a refund for my trip from Brussels-North Station to London Victoria Coach Station on May 3rd 2016.I am sure I am not the only one who has sent an email regarding this specific journey, because it was a very frustrating journey.Below I will give you the account of what happened.Bus N84 arrived one hour late at Brussels North Station. We were scheduled to depart at 2.20am, but we ended up departing only at 3.30am. During this one hour, passengers were forced to wait outside in the pouring rain with not much shelter in the middle of the night. We were not at all informed of the delay, and were left wondering whether the bus was coming at all. We did not receive any text messages to inform us of the delay. When the bus finally arrived, the drivers had no communication with the passengers about what caused their delay, and there was no apology.At the French border, we were delayed by at least another hour. There was a couple on the bus who had their dog with them and apparently that caused them a huge problem. We don\'t know the exact details of this incident because the drivers again, did not communicate with us on what was happening. Again, we were left in the dark, forever waiting for the bus to move. When we finally moved a few meters and arrived at the UK Border Control, the same couple ran into trouble again because of their dog, causing us another 1 hour and 30 minutes delay. We were scheduled to take the eurotunnel at 6:50 am, but because of the delay, we only took it at 9:20 am. I also need to remind you that on my ticket, it said that the arrival time is 8:15 am in London, so the equivalent of 9:15 am Brussels time. At 9:15 am, we were still in the bus in France. We were also during this whole time, were not let out of the bus, and so we could not get any breakfast to eat. The last meal I had was dinner the previous day, on the 2nd of May.We finally arrived in London at around 11 am (UK time), but only to be at the wrong side of the station because the drivers failed to understand that departure and arrivals were not at the same place. Moreover, when a staff of the London Victoria Coach Station asked the driver whether he is arriving or departing, he said "Departure". I was coincidentally near the driver, so I then proceeded to shout out the window at the staff to tell him that we are actually just arriving, and that we are 3 hours delayed. The drivers were laughing at the fact that we were delayed by 3 hours.My partner and I had another connection bus to catch at Victoria Coach Station that was departing at 11am. We missed it, because we were still in the bus as the drivers navigate themselves to the correct arrivals area of the station. The communication between the bus drivers and the staff that was assisting in giving directions, was comical. The drivers\' English proficiency was very poor, and the staff member was forced to use very simple baby English. When we finally were allowed to leave the bus, it was clear that my partner and I have missed our connection bus. We were then forced to buy another ticket, which was more expensive that the initial tickets we had.Due to this massive delay, we were also forced to cancel all our meetings for that day and this has caused us much inconvenience. Due to this, we then had to reschedule our entire week, which proved to be very difficult and problematic. I am therefore asking for a full refund for this trip. The pain we went through was unacceptable."I hope that the management will finally take action and reply to my email.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'It was a perfect trip will Definately travel with Flixbus again.', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'I am a South African citizen with my first language being Afrikaans. However as I travel and know most people can\'t speak my mother toung I fall back on English to communicate. Traveling in France has not been easy trying to communicate but so far the people I delt with have been very accommodating.However this bus driver has extremely rude.I arrived at the bus stop early with about 4 other people and he made us wait outside. I then approached him asking if there is any shops where I can buy food as I am pregnant and need to eat frequantly. I left my hotel early morning without food thinking there will be a shop at the terminal. He then ask me to say what I said in French. I told him unfortunately I can not speak French and He just mubled somthing and waved his hand at me to leave. I again asked so there is no place to buy food and he started raising his voice saying things in French and told me NO FOOD! No SHOP! Wait till Paris!!! NO FOOD!!He then politely looked at the rest of the people and told them in French to board the bus. I stood in line but he them looked at me skipped me and went around me and helped the men (French) behind me and only lastly mumbled something in French and helped me last. After that he continued to be rude to me where I said nothing. All I asked "in English" was where I could buy food. This man was not only rude and disrepectful to a pregnant woman. He  was a racist agains the "English"I would suggest if you do chose their services rather not speak!', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "I havn't any thing for add Thanx", 'stars': '5'}
{'review': "It's a nice clean bus with wifi and toilet. However the legroom was to short, even for a short girl like me felt a little uncomfortable. The seat should be assigned accordingly and we should be able to choose the seat online during the booking on a first come first serve basis. I am with a group of 4 and we had to sit separated from each other for the very long journey. It doesn't felt good when you have to sit and sleep beside strangers.", 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'I liked so much, thanks.', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'My trip to Berlin from Lübeck was very enjoyable.... I will definitely recommend FlixBus to my family and friends.....', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'I had travelled many times with flix bus, and i used to be satisfied traveller.But few days ago, on 06 may, we were not allowed to board the bus from dresden to prague. I was travelling with my family including my daughter who is 7 months old. We were asked to bring a baby seat, which i was unable to arrange,then we were asked to contact the customer service, which was always occuppied and difficult to reach through. The bus left without us. We had travelled through flix bus in the morning from prague to dresden,no one asked us for a baby seat! Indeed we travelled to cesky krumlov using flix bus, we were not asked to bring a baby seat. I had noted a family with a small kid, when i pointed out, that if others can travel without a baby seat, why cant we? The answers were vague. If the baby seats are mandatory, it should be provided by the carrier, not the passenger.Subsequently we travelled to prague by a student agency bus, no one there asked us to bring a baby seat. I have written a complaint to flix bus twice, but no response so far! Thanks flix bus for wasting my money, time and poor handling of the situation by your dresden staff.', 'stars': '2'}
{'review': "Generally good trip. Could have clearer instructions up front when checking in / marked but to some degree self-explanatory. Generally clean and comfortable. It was raining and there where a few leaks on the roof that dripped on the seats. Which was the biggest point of issue without which I would have given 4 stars. It was cheap $24.50 for 3.45 hrs so it wasn't as outrageous to have it dripping", 'stars': '3'}
{'review': 'I enjoyed the travel through FlixBus, It was on time and the staff was really friendly. Only problem was internet only worked in Germany. The driver told me that they have installed new service and it will be fixed in a day or two. Overall, I will recommend this service.', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': "My first time with Flixbus and it was late for 40 min. I was told by other passengers that that usually don't happen.This particular bus didn't have a charging point for the battery, but other one had. The Internet is good but often stops working.The bus is clean and comfortable. The driver knows basic English.", 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Everything was great, thank you!', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'Its the most pathetic Bus i have experienced, i was supposed to travel from Erlangen to Rome with switch in Munich. But in Munich there stupid driver did not allowed to board as he has having no knowledge about visa i had. he thought i was not allowed to travel. i registered a telephonic complain and it took me 35 minutes of waiting to talk to their executive. then i  e-mailed them and since last 4 days they have nor replied. Mycase 00394870: Booking Reference Number #8016669146', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'All information was clearly transmitted, also drivers provided clear information in a friendly way.', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'Look forward to seeing lots more of Italy', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': "I loved travelling by flix as the service was extremely good in terms of timing, luxury coach facilities and driver professionalism. I will continue to travel by flix as it's an excellent way to travel safely and with great comfort at the fraction of the price compared to trains! Thank you for all flix drivers for providing such  great service and teh co. for teh great facilities on board!", 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'Really disappointed to discover that the toilet on the bus was out-of-order for the 3 hour trip (Brussels-Amsterdam) and the wifi was also not working. We paid a price for these tickets thinking that toilet and wifi would be available- as listed on the website- but they were not.', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Enjoy comfortable journey in cheap price.', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'Amazing value for money - went direct from Milan to Rome in 7 hours for €9!! Punctual, comfortable seat - loads of leg room,  no hassle, no delays - journey seemed shorter, time just flew by...stopped only once at services. Would recommed to anyone, no hesitation. Bonus was travelling through the beautiful countryside- would do it again in a heartbeat.', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'Good Price, but i dont like the fixed prices.', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'Very good experience! Definitely recommendable.', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'Wonderful overall experience', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'I used this service to travel from Prague to Dresden & back.Buses are very comfortable, you also have Wi-Fi and possibility to watch films, listen to music from a special site.The only disadvantage is punctuality. First time the bus came 15 min later, the second - 30 min later.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'I really love to travel with this company. The overall experience is excellent. I would only suggest that there is more options to travel from Aachen with this company. I would like to be able to travel to Düsseldorf, Köln, Essen and Dortmund for example. Hope to be able to do this in the future. Wish you all the best in your future work and I hope that I will travel with you many times more.', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'The bus was on time and the driver was grate.Only thing that missed was the comfort, the seats were not appropriate for such a trip.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Comfortable but no internet connection as promised', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Overall the service is great, but having a system to update passengers when busses are late (as suggested in the personal review– having a Twitter account with regular updates) would be useful.', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': "Great Service, Value for Money, Quality Buses. Bit let down by people on board, who kept sitting in the lower section and were not helpful even when approached for any issue like WIFI. WIFI stopped working after crossing Czech Republic, maybe its a systematic issue /don't know, but the crew did not even have a satisfactory reply....Buses can also be bit late in longer journies (> 3hrs)..so, guys please cater to some time in your hands....Else, Great Bus and Great Journey though :) Recommended.....", 'stars': '3'}
{'review': 'Efficient and cost effective. Good job', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'Nice service, low prices', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'My travel was smooth and on time. The bus was well maintained and personnels made boarding and ticket checking very easy.', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'The travel was nice, without the worries of multiple changes of train and/or flight. The only thing is that the bus is sensitive to traffic jam, especially when arriving in big cities, so it might get delayed sometimes.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': '1. Booking through the website is great and important. We can find a cheap ticket.2. My seat was near/ above the toilet. It is smelly on the trip. Need to improve the system.3. It is better to have English announcement on the coach for tourists.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Great experience from start to finish!', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'Very good and excellent services. very reliable', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Please check internet connections', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'good way of travelling europe.', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'Very punctual, comfortable bus with clean bathroom, power outlets and working wifi! The driver was very friendly and drove very well!!', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'And at a good price', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'I liked travelling with Flixbus. The drivers were nice and friendly, the coach had a lot of facilities and it was very confortable.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'At timegood wifigodd kind driversspace for luggage', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': "From the simplicity of the online purchase to the drop-off at our destination, the experience was truly amazing.  This was the first time my family and I had traveled in something other than a taxi. The website was easy to manage and within minutes I was able to purchase our tickets and download the app to my phone for paperless tickets. The next morning we made our way the the bus stop to where we were greeted with a friendly and punctual bus driver. He assisted with our luggage and asked if we needed any refreshments for the trip. After we boarded the bus the atmosphere was great, it was spacious and clean. For the duration of the ride it was very smooth and relaxing (which we needed getting up at 0330 to catch our flight). After we arrived at the airport we didn't know which way to proceed until the driver helped guide us into the right direction. I would most definitely recommend this to anyone traveling where FlixBus is an option.", 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'Everything is great. Driver is friendly and helpful with bags, punctual (even arrive early than estimated time). Bus seat is comfortable (my trip is at night from Amsterdam to Cologne), its warm making me sleep well. Pleasant journey. Just the announcement in English is not really clear but still understandable.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Everything was excellent.', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'Good trip, no problems', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'comfortable bus, free internet, friendly drivers', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'I will definitely use Flixbus services again in the future. Great price and always on time. Only thing that was missing was the free wifi.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Very punctual and comfortable, but not good wifi.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'punctualeasily find my buscomfortable busgood locationpoor internet', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'The flixbus availability is great. I downloaded the app and booked my ticket a day before my trip (Amsterdam to Heidelberg). You get all the information straight away. The only bad thing was that they instruct you to be there 15 min ahead of time and then the bus comes 15 min later then the departure time. Really annoying especially since no one is sharing that information that the bus is late etc. But we had a nice driver. We drove safely. Bus has internet and electricity. So overall a good option to travel. And the price is so much lower then any other transportation.', 'stars': '3'}
{'review': "Travelling by flixbus is comfortable and reliable. They have sockets for every two seats. Wifi wasn't there but that was okay. On the whole the travel was smooth and the driver of the coach took it smoothly.", 'stars': '5'}
{'review': "Flixbus has the no service at all!! I booked a ticket to Hamburg from Copenhagen in the morning. The bus was supposed to leave at 8.45 am and I got a text message saying that the bus was delayed 1 hour and 45 minutes. So instead of leaving at 8.45 am it would leave at 10.30 am. I was standing at the bus stop at 10.05, waiting to board the bus. At 11.00 am there was still no bus in sight, so I called the company. They could tell me that the bus was already on its way to Hamburg. It had left the bus station at 10.00 am. 30 minutes to early!!!!! Now I naturally got confused, sad, mad etc. and even more as I found out They didn't even want to give me a refund ticket to take the next bus 5 hours later! I am so furious with their service! Do NOT book with this company! Flixbus is not to be trusted !", 'stars': '1'}
{'review': 'Using flixbus is easy. Booking with their app is convenient. The bus departs on time. I would certainly recommend this service!', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'I have been tipped over a flixbus through a colleague and I am very enthusiastic. What a relaxed way of traveling. I am! I often flix buses.', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'Arrival and Departure were on time, trip was quite good due to the comfortable seats. No internet connection made me a little bit upset. Tried 3 devices and followed the instructions to connect to the internet, but was not working. Since overnight journey, I guess no support was available for this.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Friendly driver, clean seats and comfortable ride', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Well done FernBus you have provided great service and make my journey so much easier', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'We arrived even earlier than planned and the bus driver was really Friendly!', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': "Hi FlixBus,This is my comments about my trip to Geneva (via Paris) with FlixBus. This is a holly experience for me. Before I know about FlixBus, I traveled with Eurolines (very expensive), but now I'm very satisfied to travel with flixbus, and I suggest this to all people.", 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'Excellent trip and the bus is on time at departure and arrival stations .A driver is very gentle and happy person..He was kind and he informed us at the beginning of our trip about everything like time,traffic,toilet,snacks etc and in the end he reminded us about how we could go to the Amsterdam centraalwith  metro ,buses,tram .If you would like to taste sth or drink sth else ,there were many kinds of snaks and beverages  at the first seats and all of these are in good prices.The only problem i have is the internet connection ..!!', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Travelled with Flixbus for the first time, from Amsterdam to Brussels and back. I can certainly recommend it. Both ways, the ride was comfortable: enough leg space, good seats, easy check in procedure. Both times we left a little late, but we still arrived before the scheduled time. Probably helped that it was on the weekend. On the way to Brussels the driver was very friendly and gave a lot of information and the bus was very clean. The only downside was that the wifi did not work.On the way back, we did not get as much information, and there was still trash in the bus from the previous ride. On the upside, the wifi did work.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'It was great trip. Thanks!', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'Cheapest way to travel if you are not nice with the space can only be recommended', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'Great trip, comfortable and fast, no constant stopping like other bus companies. Would definitely recommend and would use this company again.', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'the trip was good but not cheap compared to other companies', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Good bus drivers. No complaints', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': "Everything was perfect, just the Internet didn't work for me", 'stars': '5'}
{'review': '"Relax and enjoy"  would be a good motto for this company. I enjoyed my trip very much.', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': "I booked a return trip to Brussels for the weekend. It costed me less then half of what it would have cost me for train tickets (booked 2 months in advance), and I only booked it one week in advance.The bus was a bit late arriving at Arnhem. But this was due to traffic because it was the carnival weekend. The trip took about 3 and a half hours, which gave me time to charge my phone whilest taking a nap. We arrived in Brussels on time. On the return trip the bus was 40 minutes early, we left on schedule. Overal it was an excellent trip. Great to have USB-ports on the bus. And soon they will have wifi. I would recommend Flixbus to anyone who wants to travel to a neighbouring country, it may take a little longer then going there by train. But it's great value for money and very comfortable compared to both the train and travel by airplane.", 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Clean and comfortable  bus,nice driver, punctal departure and arrival!', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'Great experience and ride form Brussels to Amsterdam. Booked the tickets the night before and the bus ride was a great journey. Left on time and arrived before schedule.Great effort taken by the bus driver to entertain us and make our ride more comfortable.', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'Highly recommended.', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'Perfectly punctual, good driving, comfortable seating and wifi, good value for money.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'The driver was nice, I could use the eticket on my phone to acces the bus (had to download the app first, but it works fine so no problems with that). Surely faster than train in my case, and more comfortable.', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': "There is no better solution to travel. The train is super expensive, the car isn't really eco friendly, you can just chill out, use the free wifi in the bus. The seats are great.", 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'Punctual and comfortable', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Everything is wonderful. Bus arrived on time, driver was nice and I had WLAN in the bus.', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': "It was a good experience, the Internet connection was excellent,  we arrived in time to the final destination, but when we left Bremen the bus was late for like 30 minutes and I had a transfer in Hamburg so I was afraid that I wouldn't make it and this was the only negative thing in the whole journey", 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Flixbus is a good choice for travelling between cities in Europe. They have a large fleet of buses and are connected to all major destinations.', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'Once again a great ride on the FlixBus! Cheap, but still comfortable seats and nice people in the bus. The driver was very nice too!', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'Everything went perfect. The bus was punctual, clean and the seats were comfortable.', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': "Being from Canada, visiting Germany. I wasn't sure how well I would do with booking my mode of travel. I have to say. I have had nothing but good experiences with this company. They are easy to book with. Easy to find, and so so so affordable. Such a pleasant experience.", 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'Good overall, they took us to the destination smoothly.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Will use again.', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'And also it would be great to hear English on contact phones ;)', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Everything was excellent with the exception of the WiFi which only worked sometimes.It is faster than the train, more punctual, cheaper and more comfortable. I definitely will choose them again in my next trips.', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': "MeinFernBus is an economic alternative for traveling in comparison to trains. It usually takes one hour more to reach your destiny but the buses are comfortable; they offer free wi-fi but sometimes the service is not available but for sending messages it's ok.", 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'bad service , but good bus', 'stars': '3'}
{'review': 'fix the WIFI in the buses', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'I liked this bus service.. will take it again.', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'Boarding was smooth, the ride was nice, not too noisy. Narrow seats, but ample leg room for people who are not too tall (with a flip down foot rest). Two problems: I was never able to connect to the advertised free WiFi, which was an issue for me as I wanted to do some work that required an internet connection. Also, there was no toiletpaper in the  toilet! Otherwise it was good. I would try them again.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Everything was good, my suggestion for such long trip as 10 hours, please build in or somehow make system of offering costumers coffee, tea, snacks. For example, in Baltics there is "LuxExpress" with this service and it is really helpfull un so long journey. Thank you!', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'I am happy to find flixbus.very cheap comfortable and clean.', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'The bus was clean and spacious, the seats were comfortable, the driving smooth, the onboard media satisfactory.', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'Smooth experience. Intuitive booking process showing alternative pickup points from Frankfurt airport. As I had to switch terminals from where I landed, the provided booking confirmation gave me clear directions and where to find the exact location of the bus stop.  The drivers were efficient and polite. For these long travels, it was nice having power outlets to fully appreciate their included Internet service and streaming media.', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': "I traveled with Flix Bus as a friend of mine recommended for me and it wasn't bad at all..Moreover the fare is very affordable", 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Big thanks to FlixBus for this great year. Your awesome mobility service has made it possible to keep me in touch with my family and my friends over the years. Keep doing a great job!Happy New Year!', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': "The driver was so nice, he even made a few jokes and made us laugh. Everything was clear, I didn't have to ask any questions to anyone. The journey was comfortable. All I can ask from a bus company!", 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'Really good service and I had a nice trip', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'it is good not fully seat so i have more space but WIFI is not working well... and after long way, sometimes i feel cold', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'This was my first time using the Eindhoven - Groningen service, and it was according to my expectations. We only had a minor delay of about five minutes, so that was not a problem. All in all a good experience, and a service I would use more often.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Good Service and Great price.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Best bus service is germany!', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': "I really loved travelling by Flixbus! It's ideal:)Thank you!", 'stars': '5'}
{'review': "I love travelling by meinfernbus flixbus. The price is good, the quality also. Unfortunately the WIFI is not really working, but still, the comfort is good, you're able to charge your phone and the bus drivers are nice and courteous. There's no better price-performance ratio on the market than meinfernbus Flixbus. Anytime again!", 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Always a good experience. Sometimes traffic is a pain and the bus can be so packed that people need to change schedules, sadly. Control of tickets and identity are better now but still never any wifi available&working (so it would be best if flixbus stopped announcing and advertising it because it is not accurate)', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'I am a musician, traveling around Europe.  I have had a great deal of experience traveling on buses, trains and planes with my gear, and most companies have been willing to work with me to make sure that my guitar, most importantly, is safe.  On quiet services with other carriers, with enough space, I have been allowed to put my guitar, which travels in a soft case, in the overhead compartments, where it fits easily and without difficulty.  On busier services I have been allowed to hold it in my lap.  On Flixbus however, I have found several drivers to be unreasonable and bullying in their approach to asking me to put my guitar in the luggage compartment.  There has been no flexibility or understanding from them; only a dogmatic insistence on the Flixbus rule that guitars must be stowed, combined with a completely unsatisfactory place for my guitar, in with all the other bags.  If Flixbus is going to insist that fragile luggage like this cannot go in the cabin, even when the bus is only half-full, they have to offer a safe alternative to the luggage hold, where a guitar like mine could easily be crushed.', 'stars': '2'}
{'review': 'Hello, my girlfriend and I have used Flixbus many times now and we are always amazed at the low price of travel, and the variety of destinations available - even to the "not so popular" tourist locations.I know it is difficult to plan for delays on the road, but it would be nice to receive an estimation of the delay (from previous trip statistics) on the app on the day of travel - this will ensure that a traveller could plan their connection a little more accurately.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': "I like Meinfernbus because of the many available destinations, the reasonable prices and the uncomplicated way of booking.What I really don't like is the internet service. I don't remember when was the last time I could use the promesed wifi connection in the bus.In our last trip (Milano - Zürich) we departed and arrived on time but I think that was one of the very few times in my large experience with MFB that we didn't have to count on delays.I hope you can improve these two problems, get even many more  customers and open new destinations.", 'stars': '3'}
{'review': "I made several journeys using Flixbus and found them to be cheap, reliable,  and very user friendly.  I liked the fact that there prices do not dramatically increase closer to departure time.  Services were generally on time (one exception was when I travelled to Brussels and there was a 45 minute delay but this was caused by traffic as it was rush hour).The only thing I would like them to change is rebookings.  I would like to be able to change/rebook from the App but this is only possible via there website.  I would also like it if they could replace the '15 minute before departure' rule for rebooking.", 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Bus was in time and arrived in time as well.Problem with the on board WLAN that was disconnected or not working.Clean bus and the drive was smooth and calm.Recommended to other travelers.', 'stars': '4'}
{'review': "But it applies to almost all bus drivers I've seen before, probably a trade disease.", 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'Loving the Hungary flexibus so cheap nice driver well organised coaches comfortable wifi Great service guys', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': "Usually not often on time, but it is ok. Great experience travelling with Flixbus; it has the advantage to avoid changing many times means of transport and also help save some money. The confort is also ok with a good network in Europe. N'winitcha", 'stars': '4'}
{'review': 'My trip from prague to dresden that should have only take 2 hours only, has become 7 hours due to the the bus drive compliance problem with the local driving regulation in prague. Some passengers were managed to take another transportation at that time.Most of the passengers has already known that this bus company never departed on time and always arrived late in the destination. It even got worst, since most of the driver\'s are only speak in german (and most of the german [that I met during the trip] are simply said "no english" to the foreigner), which makes it really hard to know what is the actual reason of delay of the trip, not to mention about the problem of hearing the name of the destination (since the voice is really low and not understandable due to the accent of the driver).', 'stars': '1'}
{'review': "Flix bus is cheap and services tend to be pretty regular. It's sad that they offer wifi and refreshments and 9/10 buses I've been in have had neither. Sometimes there is announcements but often there is not, especially when there are delays which are not good for travelers who have connectind buses, or other transport. Overall flix is good for price, comfort and cleanliness bus when it offers all the extras if never flows through with these offers.", 'stars': '4'}
{'review': "I have used this bus company many times. It's convenient and the price is cheaper than train, and has many routes. All buses from the former MeinFernbus must be avoided as the Internet onboard is always poor (works 1 out of 10 times). Customer service is poor too (Yeah, you got cheap price, and also poor customer service). I would recommend to use it if you want to save money and not in a hurry time - good value for money.", 'stars': '2'}
{'review': 'I would absolutely use flixbus more frequently if you provided a direct bus between Zurich and berlin. I travel after six on a Friday and would like to travel around eleven pm Sunday if you had a non stop (perhaps only a break for the driver half way).The trip is unnecessarily long, if I drive it takes a Max of eight hours rather than the horrible 12 to thirteen on these trips. I and many others will choose to ride share rather than bus as faster and more comfortable.Additionally I would like that the buses have a strict no alcohol on board rule! Often there are many intoxicated people, mostly men who are very difficult to travel with. And the smell in the stuffy hot bus can become unbearable at times.The drivers are always very nice and informative.Please let me know if you will be providing a faster direct bus.', 'stars': '3'}
{'review': '- Internet in not working on board (50-50)- Usually on schedule- Bus drivers are usually very friendly but sometimes very aggressive- If you are unlucky, the bathroom might not be working- Bus usually clean but sometimes very dirty I am a frequent user of your services. I am not telling my opinion as I am reporting my experiences with Flixbus. Please do not justify and save your efforts for solving your quality issues. You have the foundation of being an excellent service provider just dont screw it up!', 'stars': '3'}
{'review': 'I have travelled using Flixbus several times since moving to Berlin in February 2015.  I find it to be a good alternative to the train.  The buses are always comfortable with a clean restroom, comfy seats, and fully stocked snack selection.  My last bus from Flensburg also had a hot drink machine.  I also appreciate the power outlets and FREE Wi-fi plus a selection of movies, which stream very smoothly.  Here are my recommendations to further improve Flixbus:1. Clarify how many stops there will be between the point of origin and destination.  When I traveled to Flensburg, there were approximately 4 stops but the ticket said "Direct".  2. Instruct Driver\'s to announce all the stop names.  Often times, I am going to town that I have not yet visited and I do not know when I have arrived.  Plus, maybe I would like to come visit a town through which we have travelled.3. Improve Delay notification - For the most part, Flixbus has been pretty punctual, but delays happen...I just want to know a realistic estimate of the time of arrival.  Update times if necessary.4.  Movies - (are AWESOME!) - it would be great if one could easily determine which were dubbed and which are in original language.5. Bus stop arrival/departure signage/instructions - for the most part, it has been easy to determine from where the bus to my destination will be departing (especially in Berlin), but Dresden was a real challenge.  It\'s a wide spanning area and when I last travelled there were signs differentiating destinations (maybe this has been updated?).Overall, these are small details. Flixbus is the best deal on last minute travel within Germany based on price, service, and reliability.  I will continue to highly recommend your company.', 'stars': '5'}
{'review': 'Even though the bus was good, it was a very long and bored trip because there was no wifi. The driver apologyse, however i consider is not fair to offer a service and do not provide it.', 'stars': '3'}
{'review': "I've been using FlixBus to travel between Hamburg and Berlin. The buses are mostly on time, if they're late information is communicated within a timely fashion. The buses are clean, well-equipped and comfortable. The drivers are without exception extremely polite and well-rested. Absolutely recommended service.", 'stars': '5'}
{'review': "Have used flixbus extensively while travelling around Europe over the last few months and the value for mkney against other forms of transport can't be beaten. With the bonus of wifi and ac plugs plus more comfortable chairs than most other bus companies, it's the best way to travel on a budget.", 'stars': '5'}
{'review': "I travel regularly between Antwerp and Amsterdam and find travelling with FlixBus is a great alternative to train travel. It's reliable, comfortable and inexpensive. Highly recommended.", 'stars': '4'}
