{'review': "For Older travelers the Flixbus might provide a good alternative to trains when making shorter hops between cities in Europe. The cost per mile is approximately $.12-$.18 per mile. Distances longer than 4 to 6 hours in length are probably best served by flying. Entry Heights on trains are somewhat determined by platforms. The height variance can be enormous from country to country and even station to station. It can be quite a haul to get your luggage on and off the train depending on these factors. In general, train fares are slightly more expensive than FlixBus. For the most part flick buses use the central railroad station in the various cities that they serve. So getting to the departure point or arrival area is easy. One advantage of the bus is storing your luggage is underneath rather than having to haul it on to the train. Flick bus has an easy to use smart phone application that allows you to find routes and purchase tickets all on the smart phone. This is very convenient if you're going to be making several stops in Europe. It takes about five minutes to set up the application and provide a credit card. You can either print out a hard copy of the ticket or with the application the ticket is embedded and all you have to do to get on board the bus is show the driver the facsimile of the ticket and Bob's your uncle! The buses are relatively new, clean and the seating is very comfortable probably comparable to most economy class plane seats. Maybe even a little better. Do keep in mind that the FlixBus is mainly application based. That means that when you arrive at your jump off point there will be no where to buy a ticket or anyone to communicate with. When the bus arrives the driver will scan your smart phone ticket and you will self store your luggage underneath the bus. This self store idea is probably the least appealing if you have very heavy or cumbersome pieces of luggage. The bus driver does not assist. Schedule departures and arrivals are kept reasonably tight and in most cases a 510 minute variance is all that you would experience. A wide range of people utilize the FlixBus. So you will encounter young people old people and in between aged folks. On our several trips we did not encounter any children. Interesting. Free Wi-Fi is generally available. Sometimes however we encountered particular buses with technical problems. Probably an idea for a person to have a MiFi with them so that they can communicate anytime they want.", 'stars': '4', 'usefull_likes': '1'}
{'review': "With five hours to kill in Munich's bus station, why not write a review. The gist is, if Flixbus worked seamlessly, without traffic jams, it's great. But in our case, it didn't. Here are some objective reasons why you should think twice about going with them. 1. Customer service kicks you out of their office at 12 midnight sharp.2. Locating their buses is confusing. There are no signboards whatsoever. 3. 24/7 hotline is not English speaking friendly. The English speaking hotline is available at certain hours. If you dial 1 for English after hours, it will hang up automatically. 4. Traffic jams can happen twice. Even with a 45 minute lay over is not enough to catch your connecting bus. FYI we were going to Salzburg to Milan via Munich.", 'stars': '1', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "On my way through Germany I took the db bach train just to have the experience of taking a high speed train for the first time and it was mostly positive but being that I had to take multiple trips the money adds up fast so I decided to take Flixbus for two trips, one 3 hour trip from Hamburg to Berlin and another from Berlin to Munich which was 7 hours, the first bus was ok it got me to my destination about 30 min later than expected but there was traffic, the second bus also wasn't on time, some 20 min later, the bus itself was comfortable but was packed and had a tiny bathroom, the air circulation was poor also, I felt like I was in a box or something the second bus was much better as it was larger and a little more comfortable and I didn't feel squished or uncomfortable, the airflow was adequate on this bus, one big thing that's awesome is the free wifi but not for video streaming, I took the train for one of my previous trips and was disappointed that wifi wasn't included, price wise the bus is way more affordable and it's not a bad option at all, would recommend it", 'stars': '4', 'usefull_likes': '1'}
{'review': "If your travel plans through Europe involve bus travel, you'd be advised NOT TO USE Flix Bus. Unless you want to sit in a bus that promises 3 hour direct travel but makes abrupt stops for passengers, thus extending the travel time. A bus with no wifi. Who can sit for 4 hours or more with no wifi. A bus that changes signage and doesn't adequately inform its passengers. A bus where you pay driver cash and get no receipt. Unless you want all that and more, oh, no bathroom, then, please use them and be inconvenienced. To top it off, I tried to resolve these issues with them online like a good social media activist, I went through Twitter. They contacted me and sought more information. Apparently at 4:53pm they sent me a text advising me that my scheduled bus would not contain the FlixBus logo. 4:53, 7 mins before the scheduled time of departure, how convenient. However, I didn't receive this text, and started to believe it was never sent. I receive alerts from my bank in Nigeria, and other non pertinent texts but not this so called text from Flix Bus that they supposedly sent. In between my discussions with their social media customer service person, he/she proceeded to block me after telling me there was nothing that could be done in regards to my missing the bus, or getting me a receipt to account for my expenses made abroad. what kind of business are you running when you can't offer customers receipts or refunds for your shabby notification methods. Plus, now wifi and no bathroom is no huge sell either.", 'stars': '1', 'usefull_likes': '2'}
{'review': 'Beware!! Flixbus is okay if you book in advance but on their website it says you can also buy tickets from the driver. When you go to buy the ticket it costs THREE TIMES AS MUCH. Very disappointed in their service.', 'stars': '1', 'usefull_likes': '7'}
{'review': 'The bus was 40 minutes late. We called their hotline and they \xa0DO NOT speak English!! We had no idea where the bus was or if we are at the right spot. We asked a German/English person speak instead who was waiting for the same bus. Everyone kept saying it was "coming". Finally after the 2nd phone call it arrived and we went on. Later finding out the back window was shattered, broken. They drove off regardless which was fine by me I just wanted to goto Prague. They made a big circle and 15 minutes we were back to where we\'re at. They signaled us to get off. We had no idea when we were getting on or when the next bus was. From the other travelers I heard it was 15 minutes then also 2 hours!! We tried calling the hotline again and now the hotline was not valid. They had blocked our numbers apparently so all we can do was email. After 2 hours we heard from someone else they got an email. We checked our email and finally got some confirmation we got a revised booking for the 15:15 bus. Our original bus was suppose to be at 12:15. We finally got on but the poor others who didn\'t have internet connection had to wait for stand by and not know if they\'ll get on. I reassured they would because I like little looked at the booking and there was space. We all got shit seats but at least we\'re on our way. I will never book FlixBus again.', 'stars': '1', 'usefull_likes': '1'}
{'review': 'The bus was 40 minutes late. We called their hotline and they \xa0DO NOT speak English!! We had no idea where the bus was or if we are at the right spot. We asked a German/English person speak instead who was waiting for the same bus. Everyone kept saying it was "coming". Finally after the 2nd phone call it arrived and we went on. Later finding out the back window was shattered, broken. They drove off regardless which was fine by me I just wanted to goto Prague. They made a big circle and 15 minutes we were back to the satiation we we\'re at! They signaled us to get off. We had no idea when we were getting back on or when the next bus was. From the other travelers I heard it was 15 minutes then also 2 hours!! We tried calling the hotline again and now the hotline was not valid. They had blocked our numbers apparently so all we can do was email. After 2 hours we heard from someone else they got an email. We checked our email and finally got some confirmation we got a revised booking for the 15:15 bus. Our original bus was suppose to be at 12:15. We finally got on but the poor others who didn\'t have internet connection had to wait for stand by and not know if they\'ll get on. I reassured they would because I looked at the booking and there was space. We all got shit seats but at least we\'re on our way. I will NEVER book FlixBus again. And get this, after I\'ve already return from my vacation I get a text that they are sorry about our bus being in an accident and we are able to take the 13:15 bus 060 LIne. Use eurolines it\'s much more organized and you get an actual person to speak with at inform when we took our trip from Amsterdam to berlin. Or book the train.', 'stars': '1', 'usefull_likes': '1'}
