{'review': "My initial expectation (based on the ads and pictures) was an A320-like experience but that was my problem. So I'm posting mostly a positive review with some caveats. I would not take the bus for a ride longer than 4 hours (SF to Reno) and now onto the caveats. The bus is a double decker. I booked reserved seating on the upper deck and that was a plus. No overhead luggage compartment so check-in upon boarding whatever you can. The bags are stored in a luggage compartment at the back of the bus which is NOT accessible during the ride so get any personal items that you need with you to your seat. The stop in Sacramento is next to Starbucks and other shops; my interest there would be the bathroom in Starbucks :) My overall experience is this: the ride is fast and cheap. Yep make no mistake you get to Reno fast! The Wi Fi is on and off but what can you do; it's a hot spot with AT&T. Power outlets worked. Bathroom was ok but far from an airplane bathroom experience. The upper desk is somewhat bumpy - I never realized how bad I-80 was in terms of road surface quality. Staff are polite and even one driver had an awesome sense of humor. Boarding is orderly but do HAVE YOUR ticket printed on paper; no iPhone; no post-it with your reservation number; I saw many people struggle to figure that out right at the door which I'm sure made their trip stressful; just print the PDF that you get upon booking.In summary; would I do it again? Yes to Reno but not any further. I think the 4 hours is my personal limit on a bus!", 'stars': '4.0'}
{'review': "I've used Megabus several times to go back and forth from SF to Sacramento, and I've had mostly positive experiences. The buses I've been on have been nice and relatively well kept. They are all double-decker and have a bathroom on the lower level. The prices of the buses vary, but I've seen the fares as low as $1 with an additional $2.50 service charge (so really as low as 3.50). You can generally get a fare that cheap if you reserve far enough in advance, or if the bus is practically empty (like 10 pm on a Tuesday). Otherwise trips from SF to SAC are generally $5-15 (not including service fee), which is pretty reasonable to me. Greyhound seems to be slightly pricier for the same trip, and Greyhound makes more stops. You can choose to reserve a seat for an extra $1-7 or you can wait choose an unreserved seat during boarding for the standard fare. I generally reserve my seat because I like picking my seat, but I think this is most helpful if you are traveling with someone else and want to sit next to them. I generally reserve my spot on the upper deck, but recently I decided to try reserving a spot on the lower deck at a table. If you actually want to get work done, I WOULD NOT recommend a spot at the table. The tables are barely wide enough for 1 laptop, and as the bus is driving, the table shakes like crazy. I couldn't read my screen for half the trip because it was shaking so much. Checking a bag is pretty easy. You just drop it off with the attendant at the back of the bus, and they put it in the baggage area. There is no claim check or anything, so that kind of worries me. They don't even note who dropped off a bag. All the employees I've spoken to have been friendly and helpful. They mostly just check your reservation number and direct you to your seat if necessary. There are also electrical outlets near every seat. The SF boarding location is pretty convenient: it's at the last Caltrain stop, ~2 blocks from AT&T Park, 0.8 miles from Market Street (and 5th), and ~1 mile from downtown. The Sacramento stop is also very convenient since it is at the 65th St. light rail stop which is a hub for several Regional Transit bus lines and the Gold Line for the light rail.", 'stars': '4.0'}
{'review': "I warn you. Do not depend on this method of transportation if you have to be at a certain place at a certain time. The cheap price is for reason. I just rode the mega bus from Oakland to Burbank California. The bus arrive 30 minutes late. And within 10 to 15 minutes of the ride The air conditioning began to malfunction and would only work intermittently. \xa0Considering we are currently in triple digit weather it is quite understandable the risk of taking a bus in this heat.I recommend that you do not take this bus in the heat of the day. The major competitor greyhound is a lot more expensive but is significantly more reliable. \xa0After the 2nd unscheduled stop the driver explain that there was a problem with the air conditioning and that we would need to stop every hour so that all passengers could be comfortable. He also stated that we would get a refund as a result of the problems on the bus.After contacting management a moment ago to explain my concerns and to request my refund of course they told me they would give me a 50% voucher on future travel. \xa0 Avoid using the mega bus if you lack patience and or time. \xa0I didn't want to give it such a negative review however the customer service that I received after making my concerns \xa0appeared to fall on deaf ears. And they were somewhat rude and acted like they didn't care. \xa0 So disappointing. \xa0 They do have working power stations and the reserve seats look very comfortable. Nevertheless I will plan accordingly before I ever use this mega bus ever again.", 'stars': '2.0'}
{'review': 'Worst customer service ever: I got two email alerts for 1.) cancellation and then 2.) 1.5 hours delay (???) for the bus I was supposed to take. I was so confused and I called the customer service. Two of them hanged up my phone after I requested changes due to the bus delay. They told me the bus was still "running" and delaying.. They asked me to be there on time to wait the bus since "they work very hard to reduce the delay.." At the same time on their website, my ticket WAS cancelled. They will never do anything to make the situation better even though it is their fault, and they make their customers so confused. The customer service dont care about their "service" and the online system is worst in worst.', 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': 'Hard to find this place without clear signs anywhere but the worst part of this experience is the rude kid yelling at everyone and insinuating we\'re stupid for not knowing where to go. He literally said "what, you people don\'t understand what a single file line is" and everyone was obviously confused with his unclear directions. Very rude. I will never take this bus again.', 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "Saying that the current situation stinks is an understatement.I always avoid writing reviews in the heat of a moment. This is to avoid ranting and whining instead of giving a fair and unbiased review. This time, I'll go with the contrary.So I took megabus' 6 am trip back to Burbank. Boarded at the Caltrain station in San Francisco, bus picked more passengers in San Jose and off we go.Bus stopped at Gilroy. Driver was quiet but we sensed something wrong. Few minutes later, she announced we have a flat tire. You would think they will get the nearest road assistance but no, we have to wait for one of their own from the nearest bus depot. Guess where our savior will come from? All the way from San Francisco with an ETA of 2-3 hours. I'm not even sure how long they'll be able to fix it when help arrives. I'm hoping the worst won't happen...that the tire can't be fixed. If that's the case, I don't know what will be my other options if there's any. Hitchhiking?", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "1) Got to bus stop at 5:30AM in San Francisco for a 6AM bus to Los Angeles. \xa0I think leaving this early is ideal if you want to miss traffic- plus I slept most of the morning away cause I was so tired from waking up at 4AM so the ride didn't seem as long.2) Boarding was easy- show them your reservation number on your smartphone or ticket and they put your larger luggage in the lower cabin.3) The seats are nice, I paid $1 extra to reserve my seat- I wouldn't pay extra to reserve a seat, it's all the same shit really. \xa0Arm rest, outlets, light, air, more foot room than an airplane.4) It would be fun if I were with friends and is fine for solo riders too. \xa0I'd do it again.", 'stars': '3.0'}
{'review': "Don't ride Mega Bus. I booked a trip ($46.50) from San Francisco to Los Angeles. I arrived 30 minutes early today, as they demanded. We all waited and waited. Then I recieved an email that they had cancelled that trip. No offer of alternative travel nothing, not even an appology! Then they refused to give back all of my money only $42.00. They don't refund service fees and taxes when a trip is cancelled. But THEY cancelled! \xa0So now I must pay for a very expensive last minute air flight. \xa0Megasbus is a very dishonest British company trying to rip-off Americans. Boycott these thieves", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': 'I love megabus!!!! I always ride megabus when I travel to SF and LA! The bus is clean, they have bathrooms and wifi too.', 'stars': '5.0'}
{'review': "Since they replaced their WORKING website to one that Barely works, I often have trouble making online bookings. \xa0The new site is Not user friendly, difficult to navigate, and filled with mumbo jumbo that NO ONE cares about!! I then called to make a reservation over the phone, and they told me it would be an additional $7.00 charge. \xa0Whaaaa. ?? \xa0The manager told me to try the site in 30 - 60 minutes. \xa0Whaaaa. ?? \xa0Your site is NOT wrking, and I you won't book me over the phone and waive a fee ?? Thumbs WAY DOWN MEGABUS !!! Get it TOGETHER !!", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': 'I had two valid reservations from Anaheim to San Jose for Thursday night 11:15 PM. Here are my reservation numbers:1.) 25-6881-052517-M11R-2315-ANA-SJO2.) 27-4726-052517-M11R-2315-ANA-SJOSo, I reached Anaheim transit station by 10:45 PM. I went to the driver (lady driver) and showed her my confirmation email sent to me by megabus. She, without properly looking to my reservations, said that they were not valid reservations.I requested her a lot to look into my reservations but she started doing other stuff.I thought she might have some important work before allowing us to get inside. I was waiting, waiting and waiting outside with my friend. When she started driving bus \xa0I realized that she wasn\'t picking us even with the valid reservation. I went to the front door and requested her again. The other bus driver (male) opened the door for me and I went inside to the driver seat and requested her again. Again, without listening or showing interest in my reservations she closed the front door and started driving. She did not even care that I was standing at the dangerous zone of that bus. My friend and my stuff were outside the bus. After the request from the male driver, she stopped the bus and allowed me to get out of the bus.Finally, she left us on Anaheim station.I called my friend to pick us from the Anaheim stop. He came within 15-20 mins. I drove the car really fast to reach the Burbank,CA (this is one of the Megabus stop after union station). I was there before the bus that was totally my luck. Well, I almost had an accident while driving at that speed. It was very important to reach to San jose and so we have to take that risk. Surprised !!! Definitely, she was shocked to see us there. She parked the bus to pick other megabus customer from Burbank stop. She didn\'t open the door for 10-15 mins as she already knew that she was at fault.Finally, She came out from the bus and started shouting the bus is full. And I was like what ? How come ? I paid for my seats ! I struggled to get my seats at Anaheim stop ! Now the bus is full ? What the bullshit are you talking about lady ?Now, the male driver came into picture. He started telling us "Listen guys our bus is full so we can\'t take you in this ride" ! Oh man, are you kidding me ? We paid 76$ for those reservations.The male driver was really nice and helpful. He told to my friend that the lady driver took cash money at Union station to give random two people our seats. Our discussion went over 45 minutes they gave us random seats in a bus.After all this uproar, the male driver allowed us in but the lady driver was not even courteous to apologize for her mistake and for the inconvenience caused to us by her.So, what happened to us can have these reasons. Either the driver was corrupt and wanted some cash money or she was racist and did not allow us looking at our brown skin. Either way that was an injustice to us and so we want strict actions to be taken by your team.', 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': 'This bus is literally an Amtrak fare killer! \xa0I took the bus today from San Francisco to Sacramento and the whole trip was very smooth. It only cost $9 one way ($20 for a round trip including the $2 booking fee) Driver was super awesome and got us there much earlier than the scheduled arrival time of 11:10am. This allowed me to catch bus 26 going from University 65th Street Station to Watt and I-80 station so I could connect with Bus 93 close to my Grandmas care home. Connections were flawless. Minus 1 star for no Wifi on the entire trip, but I played games on my laptop which did not need an online connection.', 'stars': '4.0'}
{'review': "I took mega bus from San Francisco to Los Angeles for a last minute trip. It was about $65 per person round trip. We left Caltrain station at 1130p at night. Then the bus stopped at west Oakland Bart station and did a pitstop in Gilroy. When we got down to Southern California we stopped at Burbank and then union station. The seats are small and don't adjust at all. I didn't get a good night sleep at all. The seats were uncomfortable and there was a green light shining above my head the whole night couldn't turn it off or move it. The trip back we were delayed we got to union station a half hour before departure and it was an hour delay, at first they said it was going to be a 2 hour delay. We were standing there in the hot sun/ heat in Los Angeles for nearly 2 hours they didn't text us only emailed us about the delay! I won't be taking mega bus, I'm going to take bolt bus. Bolt bus I heard is the same price, has nicer seats and is on-time!", 'stars': '2.0'}
{'review': "My husband and I took Megabus from Houston to Dallas this past weekend and found the experience to be just ok. \xa0The best thing about the experience was the cheap price. \xa0Beyond that, the seats were a bit old looking and not that comfortable, the air conditioning was cranked too high and I was forced to wear my wool sweater (even though it was 100 outside) to not freeze, the sun filter on passenger windows was peeling off so it was difficult to look out at the view, and the driver dished out major attitude from the get go-- laying down the rules of her bus as though we were a bunch of school children. \xa0I've used many discount bus services outside the US and have never experienced a bus driver addressing the passengers in such a disrespectful condescending manner.", 'stars': '3.0'}
{'review': 'I took the Megabus from SF to Reno last week and have no complaints. It was cheap, comfortable, simple to book and arrived right on time.Yay!', 'stars': '4.0'}
{'review': "I've taken Megabus back and forth from the West Bay to Reno a couple of times and have found it a cheap, tolerable experience. The buses weren't full when I rode them, and even if they were, the ride to Reno (which includes a brief stop in Sacramento) isn't so long as to induce claustrophobia. While there is wi-fi onboard, it often zones out in remote or mountainous areas, so be prepared with your own reading or entertainment, or just catch a few Zs.", 'stars': '3.0'}
{'review': "On the downside, my megabus from SF to Sacramento left an hour late due to mechanical problems. Once we got rolling, some time was made up and arrived about 45 minutes late. The way back to SF was on time, smooth, and uneventful. $20 roundtrip. Given no wifi, I think timeliness is the most important factor. I'd give 4 stars if not for the one hour delay. Ill ride the megabus again in a couple months and update if improvement.", 'stars': '2.0'}
{'review': 'Never take Megabus. Just never do it. I\'ve never done a yelp review before but I feel like it\'s necessary to help others. I\'ve ridden Megabus twice and both times have been absolutely horrendous. Time 1) taking a bus from Southern California to northern. The bus BREAKS DOWN at midnight on the grapevine and we\'re stuck sitting there for 3 hours until a replacement bus could come. There we were, sitting in a bus, on the side of the freeway, in the pitch black of night. When the rescue bus came the lady who was driving it was rude to all the passengers, had a huge attitude, and was mad because the broken down bus ruined her plans somehow. She also said to the other drivers something to the effect of "This was the bus I told you all not to drive because it wasn\'t ready yet." Incredibly unprofessional. I called Megabus asking for my money back from what was a horrible experience and they said that wasn\'t possible and could only give me a $20 credit towards my next trip. Time 2) taking that $20 credit I needed to get down to Southern California once again so I used it when a last minute trip came up. The bus was scheduled to leave from the stop at 12:35. Its freezing outside, it\'s 1:20 and there is still no bus in sight. I thought "oh! Maybe there\'s an advisory of some sort on the app!" I downloaded the app, checked my trip status only to see it say "your bus is on time. Check back 30 minutes before your trip." Ha.I\'m sure Megabus is fine for some things. Maybe. But my experience has been absolutely horrible and I will never ride Megabus again.', 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "REVIEWER # 419Tell me where else you can ride a bus for dirt cheap??Okay, so Megabus may not be a fancy dandy bus but it gets you to where you need to go for cheap..CHEAP!I have taken the bus a couple times and haven't had any bad experiences. I have taken the bus to Seattle and Portland, San Francisco to LA, Oakland to Sacramento and Sacramento to Reno. If you buy your tickets in a timely manner you pay as little as $3 dollars. Shooot....Where do I sign up so I can ride the bus for that price?! What's nice about Megabus is that each seat has a power outlets to charge your phone which is nice since my battery dies REALLY quickly and they also have WiFi but that's sucks so I just us my hotspot. My seat lucky had enough leg room so that wasn't a problem and most of my rides I usually don't have no one sitting by me ( I swear I don't smell bad) LOL but it works best for me so my purse can have its own seat. The bathrooms on the bus seem to be clean for the most part. The times that I have traveled either seem to be really early in the morning or late at night so most of the passengers seem to be really quiet and tired which makes the ride quiet...just how I like it.The driver doesn't say much unless he is stopping for a break (only happened one) or when we have arrived at our destination. The time of arrival always seem to be accurate and on time. I have always had good experiences with Megabus and plan to use them much more in the future!They are WAYY better then Greyhound! Wait...are they even still in business! (OUCHH)Review 60/196", 'stars': '4.0'}
{'review': 'SF-LA: waiting on a dark street by the Caltrain station, you better be on your toes and understand/speak English really well, have great vision to see the miniscule signs, and ask everyone you encounter where you are supposed to wait for your bus at your assigned departure time. Those who didn\'t pick up on the cues were yelled at by the staff, and those who complained about the lack of clear information were sent to the verrry end of the line with a "We\'ll see if you even get a seat" snarl. Power tripping on the job, whatever. Once you get on the bus, it\'s fine, nothing posh or special . LA-SF: LA staff has their act more together, clearly explaining where people should line up and handing out entry numbers by your place in line. One staff member had his Trump button prominently displayed on his uniform. Awesome.', 'stars': '2.0'}
{'review': "I've taken Megabus before from San Francisco down to LA Union station (and vice versa). The prices are cheap and they have working electrical outlets, which is great! It's still a bus ride - so it can get a bit uncomfortable, but overall I thought Megabus was a great company. However, I just had the WORST Megabus expereince and I will NEVER be riding Megabus again. First of all we were 3 hours behind schedule. I understand this isn't entirely Megabus' fault - you can't help traffic, but the Megabus could have tried to be on time for departure instead of 20 minutes late. There was no toilet paper or soap in the bathroom - I know I shouldn't expect much from bus bathrooms, but at least some toilet paper?! We finally get through the grape vine, and are in the LA area (20 minutes away from LA Union Station) I can finally see the light! We get off at the off ramp and the bus completely stops (It's 2:00am at this time - we were supposed to arrive in LA at around 11pm). The driver gets out and is on the phone chatting it up and pacing back and fourth. Everyone is tired and frustrated to be so far behind schedule. We all just want to be out of the bus. The bus driver then informs us that we ran out of gas! IN FRONT OF A GAS STATION!!!!! The bus driver had one job and he completely failed. He let us know that assistance is an hour away and there will be a back up bus. At this point everyone is either calling an uber or their ride to just get picked up at the off ramp. I ended up getting picked up at the off ramp and was so thankful! I felt terrible for those passengers headed to Anaheim (way too far for rides to pick them up in the valley) and those who didn't have a ride to take them to their end destination. Who knows how long they were really waiting for the back up bus. After this terrible experience I wanted a refund - I mean, I didn't even make it to my end destination! I called the customer service line - no one picks up. (What's the point of the customer service line?!) Instead I tweeted at Megabus to get their attention - I realized from other people's tweets that buses breaking down and being HOURS behind schedule isn't anything new. After a handful of tweets Megabus finally reached out and said they would compensate me - I check my email and it's 20% off my next booking! WHY DON'T THEY UNDERSTAND?! I AM NEVER BOOKING WITH MEGABUS EVER AGAIN!!! I just wanted my money back because I didn't even make it to where I was supposed to go! Don't waste your time with Megabus. I will say I have had some smooth trips, but a nightmare trip like this is worth staying away. I would genuinely hate for this to happen to anyone else. Avoid at all costs!MEGAFAIL BUS.", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': 'Do not book this if you need to get somewhere by a certain time, or even day. I took Megabus from LA to SF a few days ago. It was not a very comfortable ride, they do not have any overhead luggage storage. Arrived 30 mins late, which was not an issue for me. It was worth the $21 I spent, although I felt it was debatable I would do it again vs just flying. I tried it since I live close to union station in LA and seemed it could be more convenient than going to LAX and flying. My experience on the return was far worse. I was waiting with 20 other people at the pick up spot, when we realized the trip had been cancelled. Megabus had emailed passengers to advise less than 2 hours before, I had not checked my email as I was rushing to pack up and check out. Have had to book a $200 flight to LA, as I need to be back tonight. Luckily I can afford this, some younger travelers are stranded. Had I booked a round trip flight in advance, It would have cost $100. Will never try Megabus again, complete customer service fail.', 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': 'Bus was delayed for 4 hours yesterday. \xa0Bus break-down is not an excuse for not having contingency plans to bring your customers to their destination in a timely manner. This company does not care.People, please write to California Public Utilities Commission which regulates this line of business to ask them for an investigation of how Megabus conducts business!', 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "I thought the mega bus was a fun, cheap and easy way to get to Reno from San Francisco. I decided to get us the front two windows seats so we could really look out on the mountains as we went over the pass. \xa0On that route they make one stop in Sacramento which gave us just enough time to run across the street and get a sandwich before getting back on the road. \xa0 \xa0 \xa0If you're going to Reno or San Francisco by yourself or with two people I think this is a great inexpensive way to do it. The time to get there will be just about the same and you don't have to worry about driving yourself. \xa0Unfortunately the Wi-Fi really wasn't working for her that would've really made it great. Still got a lot done during the drive.", 'stars': '4.0'}
{'review': "Had an issue and called their customer service line. As I asked questions about the return policy to get credit for a $40 ticket they were very rude. I kept my composure because I've been working with customers for years. They still were angry and hung up on me. I filed \xa0a complaint , still haven't heard back and this was months ago. I would use megabus multiple times a month but they have lost my business to Bolt. Remember that just because I am one customer who will no longer use your service will become a Demise for your company slowly but surely. Your company is losing money from people everywhere and the overall quality of the bus is declining rapidly. Have better people take calls for customer service and fix your return policy for at least credit.", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "First, there's no bus stop - it's just some unfinished concrete ruble next to Townsend St. No shelter, no information, no place to be seated. I was headed to LA and the bus never showed-up. According to MegaBus, it was 4 hours late - more than enough time to head to SFO and grab a flight and be home, before the eight-hour odyssey would have even began. For first timers like me, you may not know, THE BUS MAKES STOPS. It's NOT SF to LA, it's SF to San Jose to Burbank to LA. My ticket was $39, cheap for sure, but if the bus doesn't show-up (or in this case comes many hours later, again, according to MegaBus), you're basically getting robbed of $39. San Francisco is also to blame, it can't be legal to have a bunch of people standing along side a busy roadway for hours with no shelter what-so-ever; only in that poorly managed dump would it be allowed to happen as LA, Burbank and Anaheim have actual facilities. Overall I'd say if you really need to get somewhere, it's a gamble. Flying is more expensive, but sometimes you get what you pay for.", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "Reading all the reviews I was expecting a terrible ride, but both my round trip rides were as good as buses can get. Clean, comfortable, on time departure and arrival, courteous drivers, 30 minute break in between. I get road sick easily and I did not have much problem with the suspension on the lower or upper level (though upper is more shaky); the big windows helped. Some reservation mix-up error on their part got me a partial refund automatically within hours without my even asking. I did not try the wifi because it's not safe to use free public wifi.Room for improvement: seat could be a bit wider, have armrest in between seats too, and do not keep the bus so dang cold.The absolute highlight for me was our driver Tracy (Tracie, Tracey?) from SF to Sacramento. She was bright, funny, considerate, positive, and an absolute delight of a driver. Inspiring attitude.", 'stars': '5.0'}
{'review': "The worse transportation experience EVER. Friday night, \xa0last trip of the day supposed to depart from Burbank to San Jose from 9:20 pm to 3:45 am. Showed up early at 8:30 pm saw the bus already left so I thought maybe that was an earlier bus. Waited till 11:00 pm and bus still has not arrived. Called Megabus and they have no idea and cannot estimate time of arrival. 3 different people answered the phone and could not find out any information. They simply said they don't know how to get the information from bus driver. Asked me to call back in 10 minutes so they would give me an answer. At 10:10 I called back and voicemail says they are already closed for the night and to go to website. Website also provided no information besides the regular schedule. Now is 11:02 pm and I've been here with 7 other people since 8:30 pm still no bus, no information.", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': 'The only reason why this bus gets more than one star is because they at least arrive on time. \xa0Other than that, I feel like I am riding in germs. \xa0Quality control please. \xa0The seats look like they need to be shampooed. \xa0Who wants to sit in stained seats? \xa0Not me. \xa0I also do not like how not all the outlets work. \xa0Also, the WIFI never works. \xa0Stop advertising something that people cannot even use. \xa0This is just a complete dump. \xa0I highly do not recommend. \xa0I enjoy riding and seeing the landscape but not like this. \xa0This company definitely needs to work on quality.', 'stars': '2.0'}
{'review': 'Terrible customer service. No refund policy for when they fail to provide the services you paid for. Ignorant \xa0"shift supervisors"and employees that fail to \xa0have customers on board before the bus leaves (in cases when customers are NOT late , but are actually waiting to be boarded as instructed). PLEASE AVOID', 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': 'While the bus did take us from point A to point B, Megabus failed to deliver its promiseof free wifi (it was broken), and more importantly, its promise of providing "professional staff" and "a great experience." We arrived at the bus 15 minutes early so we could get seats together. When we checked in with the attendant, he didn\'t reply to our hellos and or even ask for our names. He just bruskly said: "You have to pay extra for your bags." I asked for clarification because we each only had one checked bag and one carry-on. He became very upset that I questioned him and refused to explain the luggage policy, simply yelling: "YOU HAVE TO PAY! YOU HAVE TO PAY!" Then brushing us aside and ignoring us. I again asked him to explain which luggage we have to pay for and he just repeated: "You have to pay!" Confused and a bit insulted at the way he\'d spoken to us, I went to speak with the luggage handlers. A woman there explained that if we have two tickets we can check our two bags no problem. I gave her our two bags and my partner and I tried to board with our two carry-ons. The attendant again refused to let us board and said we had to check one of the carry-on bags and pay a fee. I asked why, and this time he explained that it was because my carry-on is a guitar and Megabus has a policy about not accepting guitars on board. Straightforward enough! Wish he would have just told me that from the beginning. I went back to the luggage area and the woman said I could pay with cash or credit card. I handed her $20 in cash for my guitar, and my partner and I again tried to board the bus. The attendant asked for the receipt and I explained that I didn\'t get one. He wouldn\'t let us board and asked me to walk back to the luggage area with him. He then started yelling at the woman: "GIVE HIM BACK THE MONEY! GIVE HIM BACK THE MONEY! CHARGE CREDIT CARD." She told him to calm down and stop telling her how to do her job. Then she instructed us to board, which we tried to do, but the attendant became even more upset and refused to let us on. He then threatened to call the cops on the woman handling the luggage, accusing her of stealing. They both began using profanities. Finally, I paid her using my credit card, she gave me the cash back, and we were allowed to board. Never have I heard two employees who are supposed to be working on the same team talk to each other that way, especially in front of a customer. It was incrediblyunprofessional and a very uncomfortable way to start the trip, having been yelled at by one employee, then hustled by another.I wrote to Megabus customer service requesting a response. They took 10 days to respond saying they were escalating the issue and that I\'d be contacted within 10 business days. It has now been several weeks now and no response. If you can afford a different bus company, or even if you can\'t, I recommend avoiding Megabus at all costs. They don\'t deserve your business. There are plenty of discount bus services that at least provide decent training to their employees. And how can they get away with having such poor customer service? No response for 1 month!', 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': 'Ride was quiet and clean. There was one reasonably timed pit stop. I got tickets ahead of time, so a round trip from San Jose to LA was around $10 for two people. Be sure to get in line early because the best seats (the ones with a table and the ones on top looking forward) fill up quickly.', 'stars': '5.0'}
{'review': "My trip from San Francisco to Reno was way better than I had expected. The bus was clean the employees were very kind and helpful. We stopped once in Sacramento and got there early enough for me to get a Starbucks right around the stop. The whole ride was quick and safe. I don't recommend reserving a seat because if you get there early enough you can get the same seats. The seats are not as big as I'd like but besides that my trip was smooth.", 'stars': '4.0'}
{'review': "Used this service a few times from West Oakland BART-LA and was always satisfied. Chose the best seats you could buy (top floor, in the front or balcony) & I've got no complaints. Even when I had regular seating I was able to sleep through much of the ride. Another thing I like is that people who work for this company are professional and responsible. It's a long ride but it's fun and cheap.", 'stars': '4.0'}
{'review': "Boom! $17 to take the megabus from SFO to Reno. If we rented a car we would've arrived maybe only 30 minutes earlier... and have had to pay over $100 more! The bus is pretty clean and the free Wi-Fi isn't super slow. Get in line to board the bus at least 20 minutes early to make sure you get that window seat. The process of buying your ticket and boarding the bus is so easy! Just be sure to bring snacks and wear socks. It can be a bit chilly inside the bus!", 'stars': '4.0'}
{'review': "They have horrible service and my bus had a 4 hour delay. They didn't bother to notify anyone and I had to wait in the sun for 4 hours. I wouldn't recommend,just take a flight.", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': 'I wanted to go to LA for the day and this was a really cheap way to go. The website to book my reservation was pretty straight forward and easy. I parked at 588 Brannan street close by.I did notice a fair amount of people wondering around the bus just sitting wherever they wanted. PEOPLE it is not a free for all on seating. If the seat has a number on it that means it is RESERVED and unless you paid extra you should not just jump in that seat. I sat in the upper level reserved seat and it was not too bad. You need to check in at the bus and they will give you a ticket with a number on it and that is how you load the bus. That number on the ticket is not your NEW seat number. On the way to LA at 8:15 am the bus was comfortable but on the way back at midnight the bus was a little cold. So bring a small blanket, water and some food. They do stop 3 hours into the trip at Lost Hills and you will find a bunch of fast food places. The wifi sucked but there is no point in bitching about it......I have a huge data plan from AT&T and used it. AT&T does suck.', 'stars': '4.0'}
{'review': "I've been using Megabus since I've known about it about 2-3 years ago. At that time, you could reserve a bus seat minutes before departure. Now that it has gained some loyal riders and their friends, waiting the last minute will get you a seat for the next day! I'm a fan of this because of the price. And only the price! Pros: \xa0A ticket from SF to Sacramento ranges from $3-$15, usually cheaper than Amtrak and Greyhound. It has long windows on all sides of the bus, so it's really nice to look outside during the ride! It also has outlets under every seat. Cons: The windows are sealed shut, so if someone next to you decides to eat, you're out of luck! Since it's a public mode of transportation, the bus will be late (or early) once in a while. The AC will always be on, so bring a sweater! Overall: I'll keep riding this bus between SF and Sacramento until I can! The price woos me too much!", 'stars': '3.0'}
{'review': "Three years ago, I was in a long distance relationship with a man in SF. At the time, I was a poor graduate school student who couldn't afford multiple round trip airfare, so I rode the hell out of Megabus. Fast forward to now. New man, new career, new me. A few days ago, I needed to find transportation from SF to LA. I have a tendency to save money any way I can, so I thought, why not Megabus it? :DUGH I hate you, past Nari. Worst decision I've made this month. My new thoughts on Megabus:1. I already knew this, but I forgot how incredibly anal they are about the 1 luggage per person policy. I stared in disbelief as I witnessed a Megabus worker speaking condescendingly to a woman who brought 2 duffle bags. In his defense, I understand how it's annoying that people don't read or follow the rules clearly stated on the email confirmation ticket. But still, calm down Bag Nazi, you could have told her nicely. Don't gotta be so rude. 2. Typically, a bus ride from SF to LA takes about 7 hours. When I was young and full of energy, this was no problemo. Not anymore man. I was literally withering away like a sad unwatered plant. Body aches, headaches, and nausea are not fun. Ugh I'm old. 3. They have one stop in a deserted town called Buttonwillow. They have a Taco Bell, Pizza Hut, Subway, Starbucks, convenience store, and clean bathrooms nearby. The bus driver will give you 15-30 minutes to roam free to buy food, take a piss, and whatnot. BUT once in a while, there will be people who think Buttonwillow is fucking Disneyland and will disappear for over an hour. And so everyone else will be waiting in the bus for them. WHY? 4. Sometimes the bus breaks down (i.e. blown tires, overheating engine) and you are deserted in the middle of nowhere. Then you will have to wait for the replacement bus. This takes time, minimum of 1 hour. So all of the above situations (#1-4) happened during this ONE time I decided to use Megabus again after 3 years. Let's do the math, shall we? Driving time: 7 hoursOverheating engine problem: 1 hour Waiting for laggers at Buttonwillow: 1 hourMaking two stops at San Jose & Burbank: 30 minGRAND TOTAL: 9.5 hours to go from SF to LA. Felt like 9.5 motherf'ing weeks. Unless you are a young and poor student, there is no reason to take the Megabus. You are a grown ass working (wo)man. You work hard for your money, and you do not deserve to be subjected to such a torture called Megabus. Spend the extra hundred or two and buy yourself a plane ticket. Please. So as for you Megabus, we are officially and permanently breaking up. It's you, not me. BYE.", 'stars': '2.0'}
{'review': '1. Customer service HANGS UP on you!!! If you call regarding an issue, they recite a prepared script, then they hang up on you.2. Their wifi does NOT work for Apple devices!!!3. We were in Kettleman City in the middle of California on a break, and 5 Korean women were not back on before the Latina bus driver decided to pull away and leave them behind. I implored her to wait. She said no and that she was on a schedule. She ended up stopping across the busy street near the freeway onramp, as the frantic women were dodging high speed traffic to get back on the bus!!! Megabus WILL leave you behind with your stuff in the bus.', 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "I've taken 2 round trips on Megabus from SF to LA. If you're wondering which bus line to go with, use Megabus. The price can't be beat, for under $40 each way and sometimes $10 each way during weekdays. The bus is generally punctual, although once arrival time was delayed an hour due to traffic around San Jose.Safety is a huge concern for girls my age, and my friends generally vouch for Megabus over Greyhound (which picks up sketchy characters as it goes through central valley) for the SF to LA trip. I took a 4 pm to 12 am trip and felt pretty safe due to a crowd of largely college students. Comfort on the Megabus is good enough for me to sleep for 6 hours straight and not wake up with back pain or leg pain (I'm 5' 9'' and leg room was ample), restroom and bus were clean. That said, I only chose to sleep for 6 hours because the Wi-Fi does not work as advertised on any devices so I had no choice but to kill time with sleeping. Please fix the Wi-Fi and then I would love to take the Megabus to visit home more often!", 'stars': '4.0'}
{'review': 'So upset. \xa0I went to purchase a ticket for my mom on my phone and found you can NOT purchase a handicap ticket. Is this legal?? \xa0There is no option to note that the passenger will need assistance or that they have a wheel chair or a service animal. \xa0It also did not let me state the passengers name or address assumption was that the person listed on payment was passenger.I purchased ticket hoping to resolve it by calling customer service. \xa0NOT helpful the agent Mike communicated he was very limited in what he could do. \xa0He let me know there would be a $10 change fee PLUS what the difference was in fare ?!?! \xa0Also told me he would not let me speak with a manager after I had requested several times. \xa0I paid the fee service fee changed the name but the call took 30 minutes with interruptions and a call back due to a "slow system". So disappointed.', 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': 'My only real complaint is that they claim they have no real time way to track their buses, therefore, they have no idea when they will actually arrive. They do have a good track record of being on time, but coming into San Francisco is a major pain in itself, so it would be helpful if they took the cue from greyhound and had online bus tracking.', 'stars': '4.0'}
{'review': "What a horrible experience. \xa0They overbooked our bus and didn't accommodate for 2 handicap riders. \xa0We had to wait for 5 hours until they found a man if to remove 8 seats to accommodate the 2 handicap people. \xa0Then Mega bus had to kick 8 people who paid and already boarded the bus off since the bus was over crowded and now additionally down 8 more seats. \xa0Five hours later, we are still waiting to go to Sacramento. \xa0We could have gotten there and back before Mega Bus gets this bus rolling. \xa0And to top it off, Mega Bus is refusing to give any of us refunds.", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "9/2016. Taking mega bus from SF to SAC. The confirmation letter says boarding address is between 4th and 5th on Townsend and there is no sign at all showing where to board. The actual boarding place is right at the cross of 5th and Townsend. I waited near Caltrain station to the 4th St. Side to wait for the bus and missed it. Hey, if your bus stops at 5th, just say 5th St. Don't tell us between what and what. Called customer service, was told reschedule was impossible, got hanged up.", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "Going back and forth between Sacramento and San Francisco I usually take Amtrak, but decided to try Megabus due to the big price difference (my trip was only $3!). The bus was at the stop early and left exactly on time. The driver and baggage handler were professional and friendly. The bus itself seems to be modeled after an airplane cabin and EVEN HAS PLUGS! (seriously though, why isn't this a thing on planes yet?) The seats are comfy and can recline and each has its own seatbelt. The view from the upper deck is great and you can even reserve the front seats if you want a better one. Great people, great ride, great bargain. I'll definitely be using them again.", 'stars': '5.0'}
{'review': 'I can\'t pass up a bargain. So began our family adventure on Megabus. My daughter is 7 and had never seen snow so I thought a winter break trip to Reno would be fun. Once I saw the prices on the Megabus website(San Francisco to Reno for $25 each?) after months of looking at Amtrak, I was sold. Connecting from the East Bay: Unlike its routes to LA or Anaheim which stop at West Oakland BART, the bus to Reno picks up at the Caltrain station in SF. \xa0To make our 9am bus on a Saturday, we took a 7:15 BART, hopped on a 45 Muni(we had just missed the 30), and still had time for a bathroom stop before lining up half a block down the street. Trip to Reno: Contrary to what we read in previous reviews, we did NOT leave on time. \xa0Our driver was friendly. We had a 15 minute delay for some unknown reason. \xa0We ended up sitting next to the Porta-Potty smelling bathroom. The silver lining was that my boyfriend did not have to share his row with anyone and was able to take a nap. The stop in Sacramento was brief. I never saw any food options because our driver told us to NOT leave. We had brought snacks(pretzels, edamame, corn nuts) but no lunch. This was not good as we eventually hit major traffic on the way up the mountains. Thankfully, seeing the snow kept my daughter entertained as we finally arrived in Reno an hour and 10 minutes behind schedule. Circus Circus was across the street from the stop at Silver Legacy once we grabbed our bags, we rushed over to get some much-needed food. \xa0 Trip to SF: \xa0I was able to reserve upper deck seats for this trip so we technically didn\'t need to arrive too early. \xa0When we did, we were informed by a Megabus bag handler that the bus had been delayed by one to two hours due to major traffic. A fellow customer said an email had been sent. The bag handler went on to say that the driver would need to drop off people in Sparks and then return to load us onto the bus. I have no explanation for our standing there and waiting in the cold; we did. I spent the time giving side-eye to the ratchet tween loudly using profanity besides us. \xa0Before you judge me for being so judgmental, bear in mind that I\'m from Hayward and my hubby is from Vallejo so we have built up a tolerance for ratchetness. When the Megabus finally pulled up, the girl claimed an old white lady on the upper level was looking at her crazy and verbally challenged her to fight. \xa0 I told my little one to look away from this mess. Our driver, a petite blonde, jumped out and shrilly told us she was starving and would be taking her lunch break in Sparks. \xa0We knew we\'d be waiting another hour in the cold. By now, we realized we could go into the hotel to use the restrooms and stay warm. Our stressed-out driver returned and immediately began barking about reservation numbers and if we didn\'t have them, she wouldn\'t let us on the bus. Though we had stood in an orderly queue for over an hour, she wanted us to back up and reorganize the line. The latecomers refused to budge so we became a big huge crowd. The driver kept shouting single file, single file so we asked folks to back the line up. A few people cooperated but many stood there like deer \xa0in headlights. Though we ended up in the middle of the pack, we knew we had reserved seats and eventually went to our comfy seats upstairs. Then the bus sat there. The driver explained that dispatch would not let her leave since the email had indicated a two hour delay and we were about to leave 90 minutes late. After another phone call with dispatch, she announced we would have to go to Sparks because of some latecomers and then back to Reno for more latecomers. It was a Kermit sipping tea moment for sure. We picked up the late birds, including a hipster in Reno who was not only late("the email said I had two hours") but then took a smoke break and one poor man who ran down the block after us. \xa0Finally, finally we were on our way and it was smooth sailing to Sacramento. We switched drivers and our new, less stressed driver, got us into SF by 9:30. Final Megabus experience takeaways: \xa01. Always, always pack a meal. 2. Reserve seats. It\'s only a few dollars more. 3. Do bring a blanket because it was freezing on the return trip home. 4. The wi-fi is inconsistent in terms of speed and sometimes connectivity. Bring magazines, a book, Sudoku, coloring books(don\'t sleep on this throwback; it really is stress relieving and you may need it if your trip resembles our return to the Bay.) \xa05. You get what you pay for. A bargain is a bargain.', 'stars': '3.0'}
{'review': "Considering my 5 star review of my Megabus trip from SF to LA, I decided to use MB again! This time on my trip from DC to NYC. First things first, i must be one lucky guy because I scored yet another $1 ticket!! Awesome!Like my first review, the overall bus ride was comfortable and quick. We were delayed about 20mins due to traffic but that's expected when traveling by bus/car especially in NYC. Question: why are MB customers all normal? I mean they are not the typical Grayhound crazies. Answer: I finally figured it out! Since MB sells its tickets online you have to have both a credit card and access to the internet to purchase a ticket. I suppose this requisite weeds out a lot of the crazies you find on grayhound! I wonder If they planned it this way or if its just an indirect externality.. In any case its Brilliant!!", 'stars': '5.0'}
{'review': "So SF buses are known to suck..hard. Mostly because they stop in the middle of the street, don't stop at all, and are rude. Megabusbus is even worse. From their lack of communication to customers on their policies (must be there 15 minutes before departure time, or they refuse let you on the bus, this is only in their fine print, not in their messaging), to the rudeness of their bus drivers, megabus takes the cake in the myriad of crappy public transit in California. Too many other slightly less crapy ways to get around, don't bother on this option. They will be gone soon I'm sure.", 'stars': '5.0'}
{'review': "If I could give megabus zero stars, I would! \xa0Do not use this service, unless you want to go on a bus that's broken down, late to everything, or that just doesn't show up.Customer service is also a joke. People are completely useless, the only thing that they are good at is giving you the run around. \xa0I tried talking to a manager a couple times and I honestly do not think that customer service has one. I was told that talking to a manager was just not possible and I was hung up on a couple times. Even when a representative was courteous, they assured me that I could not speak to a manager and that the next best thing would be to send megabus an e-mail, which is also useless as they sometime don't reply or are very short with you, not to mention that it takes over a week for them to get back to you.If something happens and you want a refund, forget about it! You will never see your money again. The best they'll do is try \xa0to give you a discount for your next ride.This I a horrible service. Yes some of their prices are cheap, but you can find similar prices with more professional bus services. Just avoid megabus at all cost!", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "Very much dissatisfied with the customer service. I simply asked them to get a contact number for SFO bus station and they can't provide that. What if the customer wants to know about the location details?", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "Who should take the megabus?1. Students and folks who can't afford any other transportation--car, plane...2. Folks with lots of time on their hand3. Young folks who don't have back aches and all the things that happen after 30.4. Folks that are NOT claustrophobia! It is a tight enclosed space and if you are traveling in the summer get ready to sit in high temps in the bus.We took the Megabus from SFO to LA and back on recommendation by family. I was traveling with my two young children and we had reserved seating up front the first time around. We were stuck with a sad chap that wanted to talk about how life was just hard and frankly encroached into my mind space and physical seating space--the seating is tight. Sitting next to us across the isle was a family that brought lots of garlicky pasta and other strong smelling items to eat onto the bus. In the enclosed space we literally had to cover our noses.On the way back we decided not to reserve seats, and we had to scramble to find seating and ended up seated on the bus next to strangers. The temperature outside was 102 degrees and in the bus it felt like 85. There were very entitled Ivy league students who decided to talk about their very privileged life half way into the journey--there was no way to shut them up.The bus was 45 minutes late to pick us up and add on another hour for traffic the entire trip was almost 9 hours.I will never travel Megabus.", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "I was actually...very pleasantly surprised at the quality of MegaBus in respects to its price. For a round-trip from SF to Sacramento cost me a total of $20. Only $20, despite the fact that I picked the most expensive times (leaving in evening will almost always cost you a few more dollars, no matter what bus service you choose)! For comparison, a round-trip with Greyhound costs me about $40 after tax, and Amtrak is about $70. With the tickets so cheap, I expected the clientele to be much grimier, however, this was not the case. Maybe it's because its not so well-known of a bus service? If so, let's keep this our little secret :)The location is very easy to get to (if you're in the city, take the N-line all the way to the Caltrain station. It's over by the bus rack). I can't quite remember if there was a sign that said MegaBus, but there was a telltale line of people. With MegaBus, there's no tickets to be printed out, just a reservation number given at the time of purchase. You may either print the email with the number or, like I did, just show the person the number on your phone.There are several reserved areas/seats on the bus for passengers who paid extra to sit in them, but besides that, its a free-for-all. If you don't want to get put right next to the staircase or smelly restroom, arrive a bit early. I sat in an unreserved seat on the top level, and the view from the large windows was fantastic. The leg room was generous, the seats were comfortable (not to mention recline-able!), and the power outlets between the seats actually worked!Both the bus driver and the man who loaded/unloaded baggage (driver assistant? backup driver?) were very helpful and chipper! The bus was very clean, the drive was smooth, and the bus was cold (very very important on a bus full of 50+ people, where the body heat can turn the bus air sour very quickly).It should also be noted that the MegaBus ALWAYS leaves ON TIME. The time on your ticket is when they are actually driving away. Now, this can be either a good or a bad thing depending on your situation. A great thing if you're at the stop about 20 minutes early, but a bad thing if traffic/public transportation/misreading your departure time (which I am guilty of) causes you to fall a few minutes behind. I wish I was exaggerating. If your ticket says 6:30, the bus is pulling away at 6:29. No ifs, ands, or buts about it. I definitely recommend planning on being AT the stop 10-30 minutes before your departure time. In addition to actually getting on the bus, showing up just 10 minutes early may be the difference between a lovely upper-deck window seat and the ones just in front of the restrooms.One of the only negative aspects of the MegaBus is the lack of baggage check. On Greyhound buses, your luggage is tagged with a label that corresponds with your baggage claim ticket. To claim your baggage, you must present the person unloading with your claim ticket. No claim ticket, no bag; simple as that. MegaBus does not have this feature, which does save some time and formalities (i.e. no fumbling with tags/tickets, no weighing your luggage, etc.), however, there are bad folks out there who might feel it's necessary to be a bag thief. I had no issues with bag theft, but if you're worried, I recommend clearly labeling your stored luggage with easily identifiable name tags, as well as something to set your bag apart, like stickers or ribbons. I can't speak on behalf of the longer MegaBus trips, but I do wholeheartedly recommend MegaBus as an alternative to Greyhound (as long as your destination is on the short list of cities they service).", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': 'On June 18, I booked two tickets for my elder mother and myself from Burbank to San Francisco departing 10:20am. We waited in 100 degrees heat for 3.5 hours, along with others, \xa0before a crowded bus finally came. When we impatiently tried to get on the bus, the bus driver rudely dismissed everyone by saying "What\'s the big deal, you only waited for one hour." Even one hour in this heat was unacceptable, much less 3.5 hours in our case, and his attitude!!!!Along the way, the driver took a couple of stops, including a longer than normal break so he could have more time for lunch. Finally, when we arrived in San Francisco, it was five hours behind the schedule!!! The delay resulted in us losing a lodging place I reserved for my mother, which caused further stress for her and a lot more $$ for her lodging in the subsequent days.Given the outrageous situation, I reached out to Megabus and asked for some form of compensation as a gesture of apology. They replied days later that the delay was not enough for any refund/compensation. Five hours delay for a seven-hour trip is not enough????? It sounds like a third-world fairy tale, but actually happened here in the US, with Megabus!!!!! They are cheap for a reason, so be aware!!!!!!!!!!', 'stars': '4.0'}
{'review': 'Megabus leg LOS ANGELES EXCELLENT Be sure to bring a visor or baseball hat for the glass ceiling roof. The leg from San Francisco to Los Angeles was only one star, due to the bus driver lack of polite customer service due to the drivers poor attitude of " I\'m the boss" be VERY CAUTIOUS \xa0to ONLY bring a shopping bag or similar on the bus as the driver will decide what is and what is NOT able to be a carry on AS THEY ARE THE BOSS!!! No sense pursuing an argument with bus driver as they have the right to refuse admittance it refuse service \xa0or corporate customer service Phone number as they only want to make or cancel Megabus reservations Not for real customer issues or complaints It happened that there were international travelers on the bus, bus driver took the baggage payment credit card and is keeping it in his procession until Los Angeles for a swipe Credit Card \xa0access When I called Megabus customer service they were no help, just telling me to email inquires@megabus.comBEWARE OF THE LUGGAGE ON BOARD RESTRICTIONS AND BUS DRIVER ANGRY MOODS', 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "Sitting on a bus for 6+ hours (or being confined to any space for hours on end) is never particularly pleasant, but taking the Megabus between SF and LA is definitely a great option if you're looking to save money and if you're not short on time. I've taken the Megabus a few times now and my experience varies quite a bit, but overall, it's not a bad experience. I'd recommend taking the overnight bus if you're capable of sleeping in transit. It saves more time and the drive tends to be shorter. THE GOOD AND THE BAD:+ Prices. The main reason for the 4-stars. If you book early enough, you can snag a seat for $1!+ Wifi. The first few times I took the bus, the wifi was pretty unreliable, but it worked surprisingly well on my most recent trip. Just be prepared to keep getting disconnected. + Power outlets. 6+ hours on the bus means you're sure to have to charge your phone/tablet/laptop. - AC. It's good that there's AC on the bus but the driver had no control over it. I've frequently been too cold so err on the safe side and bring a jacket or blanket on the bus. And socks if you're wearing sandals. - Timeliness. The drive really depends on traffic and the driver. I've had trips that arrived at the destination early and I've had trips that were a hour behind schedule. My bus ride once was almost 9 hours from SF to LA- The driver. Again, this varies greatly. I've had really nice, pleasant drivers and I've had pretty loud and rude ones. The best thing to do is just don't anger them. OTHER TIPS AND THIGS:* The bus station in SF is on Townsend between 4th and 5th (closer to 5th). There's no real sign indicating where the bus stop is but there's usually someone in a yellow jacket/vest at least 10-15 min before departure* Get there early to get your pick of seats* You're allowed 1 large bag and 1 carry-on, like on planes, but they're more lenient about the carry-ons, as long as it's reasonable* There's a bathroom on the bus, but I've never used it so I can't vouch for how clean it is.* The driver makes one pit stop for food, typically 15-30 minutes long. The options are usually a few fast food options that varies depending on the stop (McDonalds, In N Out, Carl's Jr and the like) and a convenience store. Bring water and your own snacks if you get hungry easily!* From my experience, the afternoon buses tend to be the longest so save yourself some travel time and book the early morning or overnight trips.", 'stars': '3.0'}
{'review': 'Just as cheap as greyhound. Greyhound has more reliable wifi and better comfier seats. One bus I took was 2 hours late. I called customer service to request a refund for my time. They offered me a 50% off coupon for a future purchase. On top of that wifi is almost never available. Will never use Megabus again.', 'stars': '4.0'}
{'review': 'The bus itself was fine. It was what you would expect if you book a cheap bus for long distance travel, not luxury. However, the customer service was AWFUL. Their website was glitchy and refused to allow me to make trade-in reservation. The customer service reps on the phone (and I spoke to about 5 different ones at different times) all told me to keep trying again every hour and that if it reached 6 hours before my departure time and it still did not work, they would refer me to a manager who could alter my reservation for free. Lo and behold, I called with 6 hours to the trip and they completely denied this and said I would have to buy a whole new ticket. Not to mention, different reps mentioned completely different fees for bookings over the phone. Out of the 5 about 3 of the reps had horrible attitudes and the other two were nice but still equally unhelpful. There is no accountability here and unless you are completely broke and on the verge of starvation, find an alternative way to travel.', 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "Terrible experience, wouldn't recommend unless you actually find a cheap ticket (they're usually $30-45). Otherwise just fly and don't waste your time, its an uncomfortable 8 hours with wifi that never works, and the outlets are hard to find. During my last trip, like many other megabus trips, our bus broke down and we were stranded for 3 hours. Also, don't ever expect the bus to wait 1 extra minute for you.", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "Location is on the other side of the muni. If you see a bunch of taxis outside on the street that's where it is. Do arrive 15 minutes beforehand. It's first come first serve basis for seating. Have your phone or paper ready for seat registration. Loading on the bus depends who is the bus driver that day. Usually if there is a lot of people waiting in life they will start loading the buses asap to leave around the departure time as said on the paper. I waited awhile to be loaded sometimes and saw a megabus headed to Sacramento that was boxed in thanks to a taxi and a illegally parked car. Overall ride wasn't bad. There are trashbags so you don't have to walk far to throw things away. Most outlets overall work. I just happen to sit in the one that didn't work. Good thing it was a night ride so I slept the whole time.", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': 'Clean and fun. Riding with my granddaughter (4 yrs old) for the first time (upstairs front seat) to Sac from my home town (SF). \xa0Have not taken a bus in 30 yrs. And I LOVE Megabus pricing. Check in is a bit odd however it works. On the way to SF I sat at a table seat In front of 2 little ones expecting to get some paperwork done. Did not happen as there were too many pot holes on the freeway. Also the kids kept kicking me in the shins however after about 5 minutes of telling them not to, they stopped.', 'stars': '4.0'}
{'review': 'Took Megabus from San Francisco to Reno. Our driver was William. \xa0He was very rude. \xa053 passengers don\'t need to be lectured for 15 minutes. \xa0We don\'t need to know about his prior teaching and military service. \xa0Just drive the bus!Also, \xa0since when are dogs allowed on the bus? \xa0There\'s no way it\'s a "service" dog. It\'s someone trying to get their pet a ride. Very tacky.', 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "This bus company was late for two hours, so I had to get on their next bus to my destination. I bought reserved seats, and was not able to get on the seat I paid extra for because their bus got massively delayed. I've been calling their customer service Hotline for compensation since I didn't get the seat I paid extra for, but I've only been given the run-around by their phone representatives several times. A couple of times, they even hung up on me. This one lady, Alisha, told me that the times they give me are an estimation of the arrival time. That's no excuse for the bus to be two hours late. I'm sorry, but save yourself the hassle and do not use this sorry excuse of a transportation service.", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "the lady driver latterly scared us like hell .. and asked to rant the hell outta corporate offices for sending us a replacement bus .. service is bad at it is you don't need to make it even worse", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': '3 reviews2/24/2016Only take the Megabus if you\'re able to travel exactly as planned....I had a medical emergency (my son was life-flighted and required emergency surgery in another state) & I needed to reschedule the trip. I called Megabus and was told "no problem" and I have yet to be credited or able to rebook a new trip because they said I should\'ve been able to go to Chicago as planned! \xa0provided them with all medical documentation they requested and they still said that I should\'ve been able to take my trip....SUCH AUDACITY - I was in another state, taking care of my son and dealing w/the medical issues as a result of his accident. At Megabus, it\'s simply impossible to make contact with anyone other than "customer service" people who are worthless!!!! What a horrible company! CUSTOMER SERVICE - it\'s an oxymoron!!!!', 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "A lot of negative reviews on here... We used mega bus for 4 trips while on holiday in America. Staff were a bit sharp but other than that the experience was good. All the buses were on time. Drivers were very good and had regular stops for food bathroom and drinks. Wifi is terrible but charging stations worked well. As a whole, an economic way to travel. Be on time. Don't expect amazing service but you will get where you need to go. Would recommend and use again.", 'stars': '4.0'}
{'review': "Was looking for a cheap way to get from San Francisco to LA and was recommended by a friend to try Megabus. I was able to get a fare as low as $15 one way which was still cheap comparing to the cost of gas I would pay to drive down. Bus stop is outdoors at the Caltrain bus zone so I would recommend bringing an jacket while waiting. The bus was on time and we arrived at Union Station 20 minutes early. I would suggest bringing a blanket since the bus is freezing cold. Don't rely on the wifi working, the wifi was broken on bus #606. Overall the staff was nice and were very nice talk to. Highly recommend using Megabus if you are looking for a low cost road trip.", 'stars': '4.0'}
{'review': 'I hate connecting flights and so I took the Megabus from San Francisco to Reno, with my \xa0final destination being Lake Tahoe, or at least that was the idea. The driver on the double decker megabus was a woman and I felt comforted in the fact she would handle any kind of issue with efficiency and finesse and would get us there on time without any agro. I even took a picture of the female driver and sent it to a friend back in England, and said how excited I was to be on board and was looking forward to seeing Jane shortly, and without any delay we were on our way, on time. \xa0The journey progressed smoothly, with me sight seeing and taking pictures out the window during the ride. Already thinking of how I would write a glowing review on Yelp, my traveling companions and I pulled over in Sacramento at the railway station. This was the regularly scheduled stop so I patiently waited for the bus to start up again when I heard a kerfuffle coming from downstairs. I walked down to the lower deck to investigate only to see the driver and a band of passengers looking very alarmed and flummoxed. The driver was announcing in a blunt and direct manner that \'she was not going any further\'. What?? No, our driver was surrounded by the band of passengers who wanted to know what was going on! I heard the driver say, the west bound lane of I80 was closed due to a mud slide and she was NOT going to spend the night in Reno if she couldn\'t get back and if anyone wanted to go back to San Francisco, the bus would leave at 3pm. Pan the camera on the distressed faces of the passengers looking to the driver for help, options, perhaps even another bus! Nothing doing. As the crowd pressed on for any information, the driver exclaimed angrily, \'You people are driving me nuts, I am NOT staying in Reno, bus will be back at 3 O\'clock.\' I pressed on politely and relentlessly with the inquiry. Comments like, I don\'t know what to do, or how do we get from Sacramento to Reno bore no fruit. My English phone was not working in Sacramento so I asked the driver if I could use her phone. Reluctantly the driver gave it up with the warning \'Don\'t run off with it, or I will drag you back by your neck.\' Not used to such exchanges for borrowed items, with furrowed brow and as much sincerity as I could muster, I reassured her that I would not run off with her phone. Making a quick phone call to my friend Jane, with a high pitched frantic tone in my voice, Jane and I plotted on how to get me and my two new \'best friends\' to Reno. Greyhound bus to the rescue. I was again chastised for doing something to the driver\'s property, \'you\'ve disabled my phone!\' Defensive response, \'No I haven\'t\', \'well you\'ve done something!\' PAUSE.....\'Oh it\'s working now\'. I quickly went to use the bathroom on the megabus and heard another exclamation from the driver, as I was poised ready to relieve myself, "Don\'t piss on the floor, DON\'T piss on the floor!" I \xa0shouted back from inside the bathroom, \'I am NOT pissing on the floor!\' ...\'well, some people do!\' I learned it is the responsibility of the driver to clean the toilet too, and the driver thought a preemptive strike was the best approach. My new \'best friends\', Coleman and a gentleman from China also taking the \'reliable\' Megabus up to Reno, joined forces and Jane got us all tickets on the Greyhound bus, Sacramental to Reno. Coleman suggested to me that I retrieve my bags \'just in case\' so I ran upstairs and got them, just in time, because as soon as I had placed them on the ground outside the bus, the Megabus took off with no notice. For the other travelers, hopefully to return at 3pm to make the return journey to San Francisco. My new best friends and I took a Uber taxi to the Greyhound station and made it to Reno without any further drama. I think the motto of this story is, keep your baggage close, don\'t disable the phone and don\'t piss on the floor, oh and don\'t travel with Megabus.', 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "I've only used the Megabus to go from SF to Sacramento (and back again) and you can't beat $3 one-way fares. Would I take it all the way to L.A.? Definitely not, but it's really good for the short trip to Sac. I used to take Amtrak which costs around $30 one way and will now be saving my dollars with Megabus. There's not a whole lot to complain about. The seats aren't super cushy like on an Amtrak but it's not as bad as a plane. They have luggage space below the bus, a bathroom, A/C, power units and seatbelts. I've never used their WiFi as I've always found WiFi on moving objects unreliable.Your biggest toss-up is going to be the other passengers. There will be people speaking very loudly on their cell phones about inappropriate subjects, there will be people eating smelly foods, the guy taking up two seats, the passengers not wearing deodorant, and there might be the occassional farter or two. Hopefully it will never get worse than that. I've not yet encountered anyone too crazy so knock on wood.The SF stop is across the street from Caltrain on the 4th Street side. Look for a Megabus employee in blue and hand him/her your ticket or your mobile device, and s/he'll check you in. Then you just queue up in line and board. You're supposed to get there 15 minutes beforehand and I do recommend you stick to that timeframe. I got there *right* on time once and nearly missed it. One word of advice: if you are coming into SF any time after 4pm on a weekday, prepare to wait almost an hour after exiting the freeway and crawling on Embarcadero, trying to get to the Caltrian stop. It's pretty hellish. Avoid those times if you can.", 'stars': '5.0'}
{'review': "Pros:Multiple dropoff \xa0points in Southern California.The price was OK. Seatbelts.Cons:Wifi didn't work. (It would connect your device to the bus router, but that was as far as my connection ever went.)Stinking drunk passenger sitting next to me should not have been allowed on the bus. Fortunately he moved so he could have a row to himself.The bus wasn't that clean, and periodically some type of sickening \xa0bathroom style air freshener would be sprayed into the cabin to mask all the other odors. Shocks were worn, so the 7 hr ride to LA was bumpy. I think this last point is the most important. If the equipment maintenance is not as good as companies like Greyhound, it's not really a bargain to ride Megabus because it's potentially less safe.", 'stars': '2.0'}
{'review': "Cheap, (relatively) fast, easy to book. My new favorite discovery for getting myself around CA and to Vegas!If you make the trek from LA to the Bay Area with any frequency, you know that even those cheapy soutwest airlines flights (which i LOVE) add up. $49 a leg is a STEAL now for a flight, which takes you roughly 4-5 hours anyways, with airport times, etc. With Megabus, the sooner you book, the cheaper it is. I think each bus starts out with ONE $1 ticket (yes, ladies and gents, $1 for a fare from LA to SF). Then it jumps. At worst, I've seen the fare be $29 day of. That's still cheaper than your best-priced flights, and you have the flexibility of booking day of, without pre-reserving.Wifi is hit or miss, but most busses have outlets for powering up your phone so you can tweet about the bus ride. Also, drivers are good about maintaining order and cleanliness on the busses I've ridden.Lastly, my favorite thing, is the overnighter red-eye busses. I can leave LA at 7pm and arrive in San Jose at 1:30am, or leave SF at 11:30pm and arrive in LA at 7am. I waste no daytimes and I get there safely, quickly, and decently-comfortably.Tips:-one carry on, one under-bus luggage per person-get there a little early to get a boarding pass (number) for some busses, as seating is first come first served", 'stars': '4.0'}
{'review': "I call it the NO STRESS EXPRESS! \xa0Here's the low down:*It's cheap $29.99 maximum price, or as low as $1 *Free wifi (doesn't always work)*Power outlets to charge your phone or electronic devices*Air Condition bus (it was TOO cold for my liking, but bring a blanket & you'll be ok)*Safe*It includes 1 stop for a pee/food break*Allows food/eating on board*Line up early for best seat selection*Friendly driver*Best views from the upper deck of the bus*Lower deck of the bus has tables for playing cards with friends/family (if traveling with others)Overall, it was a great experience. \xa0You can't even beat the deal of $29.99 one-way on a bus and with gas prices being so high, this would be your best bet. \xa0You can always rent a car while in LA to get around if you need to. \xa0I'm definitely going to ride the megabus again with a blanket in tow to stay warm.", 'stars': '4.0'}
{'review': 'Please see this companies customer service...pathetic:Me:Hello, My name is ****, I had a ticket for the bus from SanFrancisco, CA to Sacramento, CA on December 19th at 12:30 pm. I had a largebag with me in which I intended to store in the cargo bin. Upon arrival,the driver straight up refused the bag under the grounds that it was hisdiscretion. The bag fit within the dimensions he stated but he refused tomeasure the bag as he he kept relaying back to "drivers discretion". Due tothis mishap, I was forced to go to the Amtrak station in Oakland and pay anadditional $30 for a last minute train ride. The drivers unwillingness tolook at my bag or communicate with me was a horrible example of customerservice. I had high hopes of utilizing Megabus from San Francisco to Los Angeles. I am e-mailing you today to express my displeasure with thedriver and request a refund. Please give me a call with any questions.Thank you,Megabus:Please be advised it is the drivers discretion to determine if the luggagemeets our luggage requirements. We do apologize but we are not able tooffer any compensation if you were denied travel.', 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': 'I\'m torn whether or not to give this 3.5 stars or 4, but Yelp won\'t let you give half stars so I\'ll be generous and give 4.First of all, the price. It can\'t be beat. If you want to get to LA from SF for some last minute fun or plans and don\'t want to cough up major airplane moolah this is great. I got a $28 one way ticket to Los Angeles. It took about 7.5 hours and we had two stops. One in San Jose and another in Burbank to pick people up. We also stopped once for half an hour somewhere on the 5 to get food/stretch. I\'ll make it simple and do a pros and cons list:Pros:-No BS like going to the airport (driving and parking or taking public transpo to SFO, TSA, lining up, getting there 1.5 hours early, packing only 3 oz of fluid, expensive terminal food). Honestly, that is like a four hour debacle in itself so it kinda shaves four hours off the 7.5 hour bus ride-The price. Like around $30 bucks-ish to get to LA. Be warned, it gets more expensive on the weekends and holidays and the closer it gets to the day you want to go. I bought my return ticket to SF from LA the day of (Wednesday) and I paid $38 vs $28 by buying like, 4 days ahead of time. All in all about $70 roundtrip to LA. This isn\'t even one way for gas money down.-Lots of time to read, facebook, journal, text with the homies etc. Reflect on life haha. Also, they have chargers and wifi (but the wifi didn\'t work for me).-There were lots of families with small kids and more "normal" looking people taking the Megabus, versus say the Greyhound. Hey man, I have to keep it real. I\'ve ridden the Greyhound and sometimes it feels like the prisoner express, but it isn\'t so bad. No one bothered me, and I didn\'t bother anyone.Cons:-It is a bus with lots of different people. If you are antisocial and not well traveled this may freak you out. People eating smelly things, people smelling, etc etc. Nothing anyone who has travelled before has not encountered.-The bathroom sucks for ladies. Pro tip: BRING HELLA TOILET SEAT COVERS. This is due to the fact that the toilet is so high that for women to sit, they are literally at a 90 degree angle and the toilet is not free standing but a bowl enclosed in seat which means there is no way to squat without touching your lady parts to the nastiness that is public toilets. Before your trip, take toilet seat covers from all the public restrooms that you can so you can place a thick swath of them on the toilet seat and pee in relative peace. Also, bring hand sanitizer, no sink-This is no luxury coach vehicle my friends. The ride is super bumpy and the tables downstairs don\'t provide much stability. I tried writing letters to people and even typing on the tables sucks because it is a standard bus. It is a much smoother ride upstairs. There are no sliding tables on the backs of seats in front of you like airplanes.Also, don\'t be scared of Union Station in Los Angeles. I\'ll be honest, I was scared of it but it is BEAUTIFUL. It has all the muni stations in SF beat. No joke.', 'stars': '4.0'}
{'review': "Bus is over an hour late, again. The last 3 times we've taken megabus the departure times aren't close to the schedule. Not sure if it's always been like this or if they just don't care anymore. On a positive note the staff is nice :)", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': 'I took a Megabus to go back to LA from San Francisco yesterday (Monday night). I arrived on time to the station and when I was going to leave my luggage, the driver ask me if I was going to LA or ANAHEIM (stops which was also shown in the front of the bus). I told him LA. Great, he but my bag in the cabin and I got in.Inside, everything was clean, you can charge your phone there... but WiFi wasn\'t working at all and it was VERY cold. So bring a blanket instead of a jacket, lol!When we was arriving, the driver said: next stop Burbank. And I was surprised because I didn\'t know about that stop! It was convenient for me because was about 10 minutes away from home.So I got off the bus with those who were going to also got off at this stop, and went to the back to take my luggage.The driver told me that I said I was going to Los Angeles, not Burbank, closing the cabin in front of me without letting me take my bag off. I told him that I didn\'t know about that stop and it was so close from my house. "Could you please make an exception?" I said, following him to the front, like begging! And he got in the bus yelling at me at 6 in the morning in front everyone: THAT\'S WHY I ASKED YOU WHERE YOU GOING CLEARLY!!!!!! AND YOU SAID LA!!!!!!I felt so bad because of this. So embarrassed in front of the others, everyone was like "dude, you don\'t have to be so rude" "don\'t be an asshole"...I know this job could be hard. Driving all night long is hard. Receiving complaints about the weather, stops or wtv is also hard... but please, it\'s your job, it\'s not my fault.So disappointed to see that many people don\'t care about anything and it\'s not that I can\'t understand the rules, is the way you explain things... and to a woman! Unacceptable.', 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': '(If you\'re interested in taking a "red eye" trip, read on. Otherwise, here\'s the summary--of Megabus in general--the service is fine. reliable. clean. safe.) As a Bay Area commuter, I\'m no stranger to public transit. I\'m used to being trapped in small spaces with tons of people--sometimes totally bizarre, weird smelling people. So, I wasn\'t too worried about taking a bus from LA to SF. I\'d made the drive hundreds of times, but I wanted to leave later and I wanted to be able to sleep on the way (I did the midnight to 7 am bus). I REALLY underestimated how challenging the sleeping part was to accomplish.Part of this isn\'t Megabus\' fault. They provided a safe environment at a reasonable price. The bus was clean. The people who check in passengers and take luggage are kind of intense--lots of shouting and impatience--but the driver seemed perfectly nice. However, the ride is really bumpy, the seats are not conducive to sleeping, and the green safety lights above each seat are far too bright. That might seem nit-picky, but I swear it all adds up to a really frustrating experience when you\'re trying to sleep. The main thing I didn\'t account for was noise. I really didn\'t even think about how much other passengers snore. If only I had brought earplugs! Needless to say, I got very little sleep, which was kind of the point of taking Megabus rather than driving myself, but I think if I planned for the circumstances I encountered it could be okay. Bottom line: Megabus is fine. I think it\'d be fun to take to Vegas or something when you can enjoy the fact that you\'re not driving yourself, but if you\'re simply commuting to get back to work on Monday morning, don\'t count on getting any sleep unless you bring earplugs and can snag a window seat.', 'stars': '4.0'}
{'review': "Very dissaponting. Just took a morning bus from LA to SF. It was delayed for 30 minutes. No one appologized or at least informed us about the delay. Also on the way the bus driver didn't bother to update us on delay time. We have bit different standards in Europe.", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "AWFUL. Let this be a last resort and do not get off the bus for any reason before departure because your driver (with earbuds in which is unsafe..but I digress).. Will not let you re-board if it's a couple of minutes before departure! I just stood there in disbelief as the driver wouldn't open the door for me to get back on yet hadn't left the station yet. He sat there for several more minutes before he finally left me. Unreal. Never again. I sent megabus a photo of me after arriving at 8:10am. The bus didn't leave until 8:22. Still dumbfounded how he just left me standing at the door of the bus..", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': 'The MegaBus I was on was supposed to leave Burbank to S.F. at 12:10 am, we got an email 13 minutes before departure that they were running 60 min behind. Never got another email or update after that. They were an hour 40 minutes behind, so all of us getting on are sitting outside wondering if it would ever show up. When they finally did the bus driver was so rude, as he was barking out his orders of give me your number and you better put the bags in the right place. At first we were all thrilled it finally got there. Most of the way you could here how the bus driver was driving on the bumps on the side of the lane (the sleepy bumps) That did not make me feel safe. Then once at the rest spot we had to wait for the Sheriff to come because they did not catch a transient getting on the bus and taking a seat so about Kern county we waited 20 minutes beside the 20 minute break to wait for the cops to escort the transient off. We arrived in SF 2 hours late. I tried calling a customer service number but anything after 5pm does not answer. On the way back it was a little better in that it arrived basically on time but the same rude guy who barks out the instructions was with us again and still rude. Not as much driving by bumps so we appreciated that. Will never use MegaBus again!!', 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "Today I dropped my friend at Burbank bus station for his Megabus departure at 12:20 pm to San Francisco. \xa0We waited not 10, not 20 or 30 min but the whole hour before the bus arrived at 1:15 pm! Called few times to the customer service, but they had no idea what's going on with the bus; asked the driver why so late, he mumbled something... Do not recommend this service!", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': 'This was our first time using the Megabus after hearing about it from my sister in law. \xa0For less than what it would cost for one person to go round trip on Amtrak, our party of six was able to go round trip between Sacramento and San Francisco. \xa0The seats were comfortable and the leg room was not bad (I am 5\'10" and do not always fit well in seats since most of my height is in my legs).The bus was clean and according to my teen daughter and her friend, the bathroom was as well. \xa0Even better!The staff was friendly and helpful. \xa0The driver coming back was pleasant and joking with the guy who showed up late as we were boarded and getting ready to embark on our return trip home. \xa0She could have turned him away and been terse with him as I have seen drivers be when taking the Amtrak connecting bus between the Emmeryville station and SF.It was nice having electrical outlets on the bus to recharge our phones but would have been nice if the wifi was working. \xa0Apparently though this is an ongoing issue. \xa0I also would have liked if their bus stops were better marked to ensure no one misses where the bus stop location was, \xa0All in all it was a good trip and an awesome value, especially for this single mom/nursing student. \xa0:-)', 'stars': '4.0'}
{'review': "Your review helps others learn about great local My friend and I took Mega Bus from San Francisco to Reno, everything was find on the trip going but coming back was a total nightmare. My friend purchased a round trip ticket for each of us but when we tried to return from Reno the Driver who was very rude and very insulting could not find our return reservation. The Driver said to us that we needed to learn how to write down numbers correctly. We tried to call the company but they were no help because they don't list rreservations by names only by numbers ,so if you are given the wrong reservation number you are out of luck . We had to purchase more tickets from \xa0 \xa0 \xa0riders who fourtnately had extra tickets to sell. We Will Never ride Mega Bus again. We went up on 10/7 at 9am and returned on 10/9 at 3:30pm What a horrible experience. The driver blamed us for the bus leaving late and when I tried to ask Her a \xa0question she refused to answer. She informed the other passengers that they would be late getting to Sacramento because of our situation. We will take Grey Hound the next time we take a bus to Reno . We have taken Mega Bus for the first and last time.", 'stars': '2.0'}
{'review': "I was introduced to MegaBus by word of mouth, and I've only taken MegaBus a handful of times, but they've all been great experiences for what they are. I'll expand on this. It was the price that drew me into MegaBus, but it was the convenience that drove me back. They have unbelievably low prices, and if you book in advance, it's even cheaper. Deals for $10 trips to to Los Angeles can be had for booking mid-week trips, and there are even sometimes $1 deals to catch the bus. In comparison to flying with new TSA regulations and searches, MegaBus takes approximately the same amount of time. The only reason I'm not giving them five stars is for their bathrooms. Their bathrooms are essentially porta-potties on wheels, but the driver of the bus usually cleans the bus at every stop, which is above and beyond. I have to pee frequently, so I had to bear the bathrooms, but most people have no issue as they stop about four times, and off-bus bathrooms can be found if you can wait until the bus stops, so the bathrooms are only an issue if you have a small bladder. Tips to New Riders:1. Book your trip early.2. Double check that your luggage meets their luggage requirements. 3. Get there early to your bus departure. This will ensure you first choice of seats.4. Have your reservation number handy for easier check in.5. The overnight bus ride is not the easiest to sleep in, so don't count on it.6. Bring snacks. Some stops can be far apart. 7. Don't count on the WiFi, it can get bogged down really easily. Happy travels, and in spite the drawbacks, MegaBus is still a steal and quite reasonable for travel.", 'stars': '4.0'}
{'review': "Due to past Greyhound experiences, I was a little weary of Megabus. \xa0Cramming \xa0many people in a small space for minuscule prices and long periods of time? \xa0It could have been extremely unpleasant. \xa0Fortunately, it was not.I bought a $25 ticket from SF to LA over winter break, traveling on the red-eye from midnight to 7am. \xa0I echo what others have mentioned about arriving early if you want to get a seat in a specific area; however, that didn't stop some of the less orderly individuals in the group from cutting in and cheating the queue.I managed to get a row of two seats to myself in the upper level, which was quite nice, as I could stretch out and attempt to sleep. \xa0(Those attempts were unsuccessful) \xa0The ventilation worked well, which is important when others have a distaste for deodorant, as I frequently encounter on public transit. \xa0Things were very quiet and the lights were dimmed, minus the obnoxious green light directly overhead that couldn't be disabled.Time wise, the route was very accurate to the predictions; surprising, considering the amount of time it took to board. \xa0We had a single stop in Oakland, an early morning bathroom break at a gas station in Kettleman City, and then finally to downtown LA, right on schedule.I'd certainly ride again, especially with the rise in flight prices as fuel grows more expensive.", 'stars': '4.0'}
{'review': 'Horrible experience. \xa0If they cannot maintain a bus, they should retire it. \xa0The heat was not working upstairs on an overnight route. \xa0So cold air was blowing all night. \xa0Too cold to sleep. \xa0Full bus. \xa0Bathroom was also disgusting. \xa0I rode when the busses were new and it was great. \xa0Now gone downhill.', 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': 'Everything started off quite nicely, then we pulled into San Jose. Yes of course the price is right, but saving $50-$100 is certainly not worth the discomfort of being trapped with the folks who are riding with you for 7 hours. The girl throwing up in the bathroom had to move next to me and then the lady with a cough/cold sat directly across. The free wifi is misleading because you cannot stream Youtube or music because the network will not allow you to use any bandwidth. It is not worth the roll of the dice and I highly recommend that you re consider the bus trip to SF to LA if you have an option.', 'stars': '2.0'}
{'review': "6/30/16 - Ordered a roundtrip ticket from Oakland to Anaheim for the upcoming 4th of July weekend. Come to find out my departure date wasn't correct. Naturally I contact the company to discuss options to correct the error. Yes, the error was on my part. I misread the date. I thought it said I was departing Friday (7/1/16) at 8pm and arrive Saturday (7/2/16) at 4am. Instead it read I was leaving Saturday (7/2/16) at 8pm instead. Obviously that won't do. First customer rep was 'Claudia' who at first was nice about the situation. I advised her of my error and she said \xa0I could either change my date or get a refund. We went over the dates but the times weren't ideal. I chose for a refund. She then said I would have to select another departure time. I then was confused. I asked her what about the refund at which point she clarified a refund can't be given and I would have to repurchase my ticket and that my initial purchase would be refunded in 5-7 business days per their terms. I asked to speak to a supervisor and she went into a well scripted speech about the terms and even spoke louder into the phone and hung up. I called back, she picked up again, said the exact same thing and refused to switch me over to a supervisor/manager. Then hung up. Called back, spoke to 'Will Moore' who advised the same thing and hung up. Called back, the line picked up and then hung up. Called back and then it rang for 10 minutes and 3 seconds and then hung up. Literally. I've been listening to the ringing as I write this. Just to show you get what you pay for. True the deals are great, however, the peace of mind isn't. The wasted time isn't. The lack of professionalism isn't. The overall experience isn't. I advised them I would post this if they wouldn't let me simply talk to a supervisor and they said to write it. Their lack of concern in this digital age is hilarious. The power of a review is powerful indeed. Next stop is the BBB website followed by Yelp followed by Google followed by ripoffreport.com. Do I still have to take this trip?? Yes. Yes I do. I'm forced now. So I'll log back into the website and adjust the time since I already bought the ticket. But the damage has been done. Never again will I use Megabus. I will make sure no one else has to feel what I just endured. People spend that extra money and go with alternative modes of transportation. This isn't worth it. Trust me. Thanks for listening. Oh, and to Megabus if you're listening ... I hope greyhound does to you like what Uber is doing to the Taxi service right now.", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "So this is my first time riding Megabus.I am riding it from SF to Sac. The Caltrain is a very convenient location in SF. If you arrive to Caltrain earlier than when the bus is anticipated arrive, you can always go to Philz or Panera to hang out. It was raining today so I just hung out in-door in the other areas. The Megabus arrived 10 minutes before the departure time. We stood in a long line, and someone checked to make sure our reservation numbers were on the list. Then I proceeded onto the bus. I sat upstairs. It's really nice upstairs compared to downstairs! I think it's because there's window on top upstairs and more lighting comes through, so it's just brighter. I like that I can adjust the air and air actually comes out. It's not as stuffy and smelly as the greyhound or Amtrak. There are two outlets at each set of seat, there are also seatbelts at every seat. The Wi-Fi is spotty, it's hard to do anything.The bus arrived to my destination 10 minutes early.Summary: Megabus = CHEAP and easy. It's relatively nice and comfortable. I usually hate public transit on long distances because I get really dizzy but this wasn't as bad.", 'stars': '4.0'}
{'review': "This company doesn't care about their customers and are very rude and inconsiderate. I don't recommend to anyone and would avoid it if I can.They left me and my sister in west Oakland by ourselves and refused to take us on the bus.", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "All the flights were booked but thankfully I was able to buy a bus ticket at the last minute. I rode the megabus \xa0from SF to LA over the long weekend. After reading the reviews I actually found that the ride wasn't too bad and went by pretty fast. I wish I got her name but the girl who checked us in was very nice and hospitable. And the driver, I think his name was Robert, made sure we had a comfortable trip. My cons would be the actual bus stop itself, I had no idea where it was and I had to look for it. And i dont know why but it was freezing inside the bus and maybe an hour before we reached Burbank thats when the heater was finally turned on. \xa0The bus was clean and it arrived on time to my destination. I would probably take the megabus again as a last minute resort.", 'stars': '4.0'}
{'review': "I have taken the MegaBus a few times now! I love how convenient and affordable it is. As a full time college student, I definitely appreciate the prices to make Bay to LA trips work. Whether it's heading back up after a music festival or quick day trips to Disneyland (hooray for the Anaheim station)! I've always had a successful, safe, comfortable trip with Megabus. The wifi never works for me, but as someone who takes BART and MUNI everyday to work and school at USF, the bus is actually quite cozy! It's definitely not as ratchet as people are saying it is...it may be other locations? I don't know, but for NorCal/SoCal trips to save money, MegaBus is a good thing to know about for traveling college kids or really just anyone who wants to save money on a trip! I'll definitely be using MegaBus again. NOTE: There's more leg room on the 2nd floor of the bus. :)", 'stars': '4.0'}
{'review': "I took Megabus for the first time two weeks ago, and I was impressed. If you're impatient, needy, or a misanthrope you'll probably disagree -- but this is a ride that exceeds expectations on almost every level. If you live in California, you owe it to yourself to try it. Megabus will make you think differently about air travel, and travel in general. From the time I boarded the bus in San Francisco, I was easily the oldest person on board. It was a Saturday, and the bus was mostly full of exhausted Millennials; I think most of them slept all the way to L.A. At San Jose, a young mother boarded with her two little girls, who got the reserved seats next to me. These kids could not have been older than 4 and 8, but they handled long hours on the road with grace, sharing an iPad and playing I Spy with their mom as the miles passed.If you're planning to try Megabus from San Francisco to L.A., here's what you need to know:* If you're traveling on a weekend, consider reserving a seat.* Pack snacks and water. Your only opportunity to buy these is the mid-trip break, about 4 hours after you board.* The onboard wi-fi works, but it's slow. Bring something else to do: reading, sudoku, origami, whatever.* Plan to take photos. The drought is doing amazing things to California, including making all the cherry trees in the Central Valley burst into pink bloom in February. You'll see some sights you'll want to remember.* Your mid-trip break is exactly 25 minutes. That is NOT long enough to get to In-N-Out and back to the bus in time. Choose another option for road food, or the bus will leave without you. (There is no pre-departure headcount.)* If you're a hand-sanitizer type, bring it. The onboard restroom is very clean, and there's plenty of hand sanitizer, but you may feel better with your own.* Wear layers. The bus goes from warm to cold as the trip wears on.* There are no wipers on the top-deck front windows. By the time we reached L.A., the four of us in the top front row had watched all the bugs in California die on our windshield. (It was awesome.)* Remember the Golden Rule of Travel: Treat all others -- driver, baggage personnel, your fellow passengers -- as you expect them to treat you.* If your final stop is L.A.'s Union Station, allow yourself at least an hour to explore the place. It was restored in 2007, now contains a really nice restaurant (Traxx) and a Starbucks, and is every bit as beautiful as you remember.The eight hours I spent on board Megabus were the some of the best time I've spent traveling in years. The driver was punctual and deadpan-funny, my fellow passengers were friendly, the view was great, the bus was clean, and arriving at Union Station on a warm winter evening was the perfect end to a nice day. Best of all: no bag fees, no security lines, no need to take off my shoes, no boarding groups, no seat-back space shrinking to less than a foot when the guy in front of me decides to sleep. All of this for like $30!I can't wait to do it again. :)", 'stars': '5.0'}
{'review': "Jesus Christ, our bus was delayed three hours only to receive an email about a delay two hours into the wait. If you place to ever take an airplane, DO NOT loop megabus into your plan cuz there's a 48% chance that bus will be delayed due to mechanical problems since they're pushing these buses 24/7 for the summer .They're offices are east cost so no one answered the phones at 9pm pst. THEN once I got on board I notice it was really cold and got colder and the ride progressed. AC was blasting, I've never felt so cold before in a car. Other passengers started to feel this ice age fall through when we asked the driver to turn on the heater. He said it was on... Turns out heater was broken on the bottom level. AC would be blasting out while the top balcony become a toaster oven. Never again!! Don't be cheap, a $107 ride is not worth ALL this trouble.", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "To the driver, do yourself a favor and use google maps. Not only will it prevent you from getting lost, but it'll let you know if a detour is worth it.", 'stars': '2.0'}
{'review': "on my trip bus was clean, driver nice, and seats were comparable to airplane for space. but the AC was freezing and gale face blowing on my head. Driver claimed it is set by corporate and he couldn't adjust. He even came on intercom after several people complained and said this is a common complaint and we should let corporate know.Will I go again? not likely, I would have to carry extra warm clothes or blankets just for the bus.let the driver who is right there with customers and knows the conditions make an executive decision", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': 'My husband was traveling on Megabus today from sacramento to san francisco, let me start with we have been using megabus for 3 years now since our child was young. Today the driver who checked me and my 4 year old daughter in decided at the last minute that we needed a car seat to stay on the bus, she told me that 5 minutes before it was time to go. \xa0She was yelling at me and my young child to get off the bus. \xa0She then got on the PA system and threatened to call the police to remove us. \xa0There was another family with 2 young children who were asked to vacate the bus as well. \xa0Meanwhile it was raining and the drivers assistant was yelling at us as well. \xa0I called my mother-in-law who happened to just drop us off \xa0to come back and bring us her car seat. \xa0We have never been asked to use our car seat when traveling on the bus. \xa0The website does not state that it is a requirement but a recommendation. \xa0I am not upset that the driver wanted us to use a car seat, it was the way that her and her assistant went about it. \xa0I am grateful that the drivers do all they can to get us from point A to B safely but there was no reason to do it the way she did. \xa0I never raised my voice or disagreed with her, she was unwilling to hear any reason of any kind. \xa0Instead she was rude, disrespectful and said things that were not necessary to get her point across. \xa0When we arrived at our destination the driver came up to us and apologized because she was in fact wrong about demanding us to use the car seat. \xa0The family that was asked to leave had called after the bus had left them stranded at the station. \xa0It was was really a very stressful and disappointing experience my daughter and I had to endure.', 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "I was always 'anti-bus rides' just because I was so used to flying. Riding in a bus with god-knows-who for so many hours did not seem appealing. I had an emergency back home in LA (now live in SF) and flights were $215 one way! So I had to bus. I found tickets for only $25 and that was just a day before my traveling date!I had the 6am takeoff time. Everything ran smoothly. Bus wasn't crowded at all. I had a row to myself as well as many other people. There is wifi (which I didn't use so I don't know about speed etc) and outlets for charging electronics. Bus was clean and visually appealing. Seats seemed super new...which means they were pretty stiff. I recommend bringing a small pillow. Everything ran smoothly and I got to my Burbank destination 20minutes early. Only con is the loud noise of the AC. I'll definitely be traveling with Megabus in the future.", 'stars': '5.0'}
{'review': 'I generally enjoy megabus but today I was taken aback by the discourteous attitude of Bernie our driver. I boarded Megabus in Anahiem. He was supposed to pull up in bay 11. In Bernie\'s Defense, there was a greyhound bus in his spot. It departed 20 minutes before our departure time however and Bernie could have pulled up to bay 11. He didn\'t though which left us, the passengers , confused. We waited and waited. Bernie exited the bus.l, Went back in, got out a bag of nuts, sat there and munched on them for a while. We were all waiting but the doors were closed and he was in bay 12 so we assumed he wasn\'t ready. At 8:35 , the departure time of our bus, we were all looking at eachother and wondering if we should approach. Everyone didn\'t seem so willing so I went up and approached Bernie and asked if we were supposed to board. He looked at me and very abrasively said " what do you think?" I said that none of us were sure if he was read because he hasn\'t come out of the bus and he was in the wrong bay. We assumed he was checking the bus . he then replied condensendingly " Well I have been here for twenty minutes waiting for you. You better GWR your friends cause I\'m leaving in three minutes. " ( mind you, none of the people waiting for the mwgas bus with me were my friends. We were all strangwrs) . I went back and told everyone we could board and immediately all ten of us lined up for the bus. Bernie was very rude for boarding and as I said abrasive. He rolled his eyes at me and snapped at the woman behind me because she had bad handwriting and also ought to have known to have her reservation ready . I am on the bus now. The safety video hasn\'t been played. I assume that it will be played in LA. Some of the passengers are new and didn\'t know where to sit. Bernie didn\'t answer they questions. Otherwise though , he had a very professional intercom departure message and seems to be a good driver. I wish megabus had a way to review drivers through email or customer service but they don\'t so I am using yelp instead. If I hadn\'t gone up to the bus and asked the driver, none of us would have made it on our trip even though we were all sitting there. The lack of communication between the driver and the passengers, the abrasive ,condensending tone of the driver and the lack of accommodation in teems of being in the right bay and coming out of the bus to allow passengers in will indeed make this bus ride uncomfortable. I hope administration sees this message so they can stress how important it is for drivers to communicate with passengers and not yell at them if circumstances lead to confusion. \xa0I\'ll update my rating once this issue has been addressed and I have arrived safely to my desitnation.', 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "on my last Megabus review was the stop in sacramento. i have already talked about the bus and what i liked and dislike from the bus. this review will be solely on the location in SF. first off when we arrive in sf they drop us off at the cal train station. the cal train station is only like 3 blocks away from att park. it is perfect to go take this bus to go watch the giants game and grab some food while in sf and then ride back home and no stress about parking. also this location is great to go to downtown union square as well. you can take the muni train underground and on the way it passes the pier as well and you can get off the pier and walk a little bit then head back to down town and do some shopping is what i do when i go to sf. this location is only a few blocks from downtown as well and can be walkable for 20 mins which isn't bad as well. it is also very close to soma food truck district in Folsom and will get you there in about 10 mins as well. also this location can take you straight to ocean beach as well if you take the n train and will still need to walk one mile because it drops you a few blocks away.this stop is also one block away from Safeway so if you need to get something quick to eat or drink or just something emergency such as eye drops this is the place to get it for the convenience.also the cal train station has bathroom as well if you need to go emergency and don't want to go inside the bus. i mean the bathroom at the station might not be the best but at least its better than the bus bathroom right?also the cal train station is convenient for people who want to go hop on it to get to san jose as well. also this location has a lot of restaurants to eat at as well. they have a sushi and panera bread nearby as well. also they have an amazing coffee place called philz coffee and its always busy packed and their famous for mint mojito ice coffee which is kind of sweet and bitter and minty as well and does wake you up as well. thats usually where i go when i get off my bus stop. also how do i know so much of this and that and where to go, well i have took megabus many times for my sf trips. i have to say thank god to technology these days and thanks a bunch for google maps to look up how to get to point a to point b. a lot of people say how do you go to sf all the time and how do you get to places without a car???! my answers are megabus and muni bus and my smart phone lol. the reason i love to megabus is because i do not like to drive in the city because first parking is expensive and a hassle. second driving in the narrow streets is hard to squeeze by and I'm not an aggressive driver. there are also a lot of honking in the city while you drive as well. third it cost less to take the bus over driving, for example your car takes 50 bucks of gas for round trip. going and coming back to pass the bridge and lets say its 5 bucks each time and thats 10 bucks. also don't forget the parking fees and lets say you go park at multiple garages and that comes up to 20 to 40 for the whole day i mean its like almost 100 bucks for you just to drive. the pro about driving is your time is unlimited and can stay longer than the bus so thats a plus if your planning to do a lot and or go party in the city. overall this stop is amazing and is accessible to the whole city and very convenient and most bus lines are so nearby and will pretty much take you wherever you need to go without walking far way to catch the muni bus. also another pro about sf transportation is that each bus comes in about 6 to 10 mins so if you miss a bus no problem its only 10 mins longer.", 'stars': '4.0'}
{'review': "I give it a 3 star because I have had two different experiences with them. Online booking is EASY and makes sense and is totally user friendly. The customer service, however, was slow, incompetent, and did not listen to my question at all. He kept trying to guess what my question was but never let me get a word in. After I basically yelled my question at him for the 5th time, he told me absolutely nothing I didn't already know. I give online 5 stars and customer service 0 stars, -1 stars, bad bad. Evens out to 3 stars. As far as the actual bus trip- its safe, comfortable, generally roomy, and I will continue to use them for all my trips when I can.", 'stars': '3.0'}
{'review': "Mega bus sucks! I was leaving for San Francisco Caltrans to Las Vegas Nevada there was no organization no exact meeting spot no exact time when the bus was going to arrive I kept being told by customer service that the bus was going to arrive late and because of that I missed the bus to go to a good friend's wedding, all because mega bus is \xa0a mega bust! Mega bus can kiss my ass! Like they say you get what you pay for, \xa0I would never get on that bullshit again", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "Ok, I am not actually the rider. I am the one shelling out for transportation costs. And whoo hoo I am 5 stars happy! College Girl coming home from LA for A DOLLAR! \xa0She booked this ticket months ago, but I can't even believe she got it for a dollar....yeah, that's 4 quarters. In San Francisco that feeds a meter for maybe 20 minutes...and this is a bus ride from LA to San Francisco.WOW!!! And it just takes 7 hours which is not too shabby. If I drive it usually takes me 6.5 and then there's the cost of gas......not even gonna go there.ONE DOLLAR!!! Can I write that often enough?Last time she did this it was more like $10 dollars each way which is still an AMAZING deal. The first time I went to meet the bus I was expecting it to look like the Green Tortoise or something. But no, kinda looked a lot like the Google Bus. Not at all sketch. My mouth is still sort of hanging open......ONE DOLLAR!!!!", 'stars': '5.0'}
{'review': 'What a crock!! A small spring rainstorm and the bus is cancelled due to possible winter weather along the route. No winter storm warnings or advisories \xa0between here and Reno. Stranded for 24 hours by this stupidity.', 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "I took the early morning trip from San Francisco to LA the last Sunday of January. Bus was not all the way full and I was lucky to sit next to a very kind young lady who didn't bother me at all. Our driver was very respectful and kept us informed at all times. She was excellent at keeping the bus on time even though we drove through a nasty winter storm and had to be rerouted due to an accident near the Grapevine. The general seats are not as comfy as they should be but I guess you get what you pay for. The trip back to SF was not as pleasant by 2/9 since we had a driver that had an agr-o attitude the whole trip. He was quite impatient and even left 2 min early stranding one passenger who literally chased the bus at LA's Union station. He refused to let her on. I guess she showed up too late to even check her bag under the bus. That was the moment I knew we were in for a very long 8 hour trip with this guy. His driving was giving me minor motion sickness. He grumbled at me even for lingering too long near the bathroom, waiting for my turn. All in all I was glad to have made it safely and not break the bank on the trip though.", 'stars': '3.0'}
{'review': "Megabus is a good way to travel for cheap but the customer service is absolutely horrible. I actually was hung up on and told that I couldn't talk with a customer service manager. Eek! Not classy Megabus.", 'stars': '2.0'}
{'review': 'Paid 33 bucks from Anaheim to San Francisco. Sure, the bus came late because of heavy traffic due to a baseball game. We still got to our destination on time. Welll worth it for the price compared to driving, train, plane, or other buses. The bus was full but everyone was pretty well behaved.', 'stars': '5.0'}
{'review': 'Shocking driver behavour and apalling customer service. My bus arrived very late but still departed with passengers left standing at the side of the road. With the exception of the curbside staff, the customer service was the worst any of us had experienced. Save money, stress and travel in much bigger seats on Greyhound.', 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "The Megabus was cheaper than flying, but was it worth my time? \xa0Be sure to ask yourself what your time is worth before booking your trip with Megabus. \xa0YAYs:+Power Outlets: one provided per passenger seat+New bus so it's quite clean+CHEAPer than a round trip flight+Comfortable seatsNAYs:-Bathrooms are tiny. I tried to avoid at all costs. They also lack running water/a sink to wash hands...ew!- Too many stops! \xa0We stopped for 30 minutes at McDonald's both times. \xa0We don't need that much time to use the restroom and get food if we can grab fast food and eat on the bus. The bus ride was supposed to be SF to LA direct, but they stop in San Jose & Burbank to pick up passengers. \xa0-ENDLESS TRIP...My trip from SF to LA took 9 hours each way. I know it's a big bus, but I'd rather just drive myself and get there in half the time.-Lots of weirdos.", 'stars': '2.0'}
{'review': 'Had to take an unexpected trip back to SF for a few days, so I finally had a chance to take the Pepsi Challenge with Greyhound and the Megabus for the run from the city back to Reno.PROS (vs. Greyhound)* No TSA wanding, bag tossing or otherwise minimum-wage dudes digging in your shit for no real useful purpose* SO MUCH CLEANER (Update: This may be a wash at this point. Greyhound is gradually replacing all their old and busted buses with the new ones with leather seats. The new ones are really clean, at least for now.)* Generally a higher caliber of passenger. No thug or trashy poor people nonsense to be seen.* Doesn\'t stop in Oakland. I imply absolutely no correlation between this bullet point and the previous. They just happen to be next to each other.* Power outlets at each seat, and WiFi (though as the driver put it, the WiFi only "sometimes works")* Double decker for an even nicer view going through the mountains* Personal trash bags at the end of every seatCONS* Only leaves twice a day (8:30 am and 4:30 pm) vs. Greyhound having 5 or 6 different departures. * I think the max size of the checked bag is a little bit less (UPDATE: Bag size allowed seems to highly depend on ridership and driver. The two ladies that drive didn\'t seem particular, the guy who looks kind of like Mike off Breaking Bad was very particular about size rules though)* Even though I booked 2 weeks in advance, it was 5 bucks more (UPDATE: Greyhound\'s prices on the SF-Reno route are steadily creeping up so it\'s more like $3 difference now)* No bathroom/food break layover at Sacramento, they just board people up and take off (all the stops on the route are outdoors)* Seat space is a bit more cramped than Greyhound, harder to sleep comfortably on long tripsIT\'S A WASH* Schedule said it was supposed to take only 4.5 hours, but it ended up taking the same 5-and-change Greyhound does somehow anyway. * Sweetie pie driver, but Greyhound does have a few nice regular drivers on the Reno-SF route too* Despite being double decker, available seating is about the same* Same tiny toilet only good for emergency #1 and even that is diceyFINAL VERDICT: For me it\'s worth an extra $5 and the slight lack of scheduling convenience just to not do the Humiliating TSA Ritual (cue George Carlin rant) at the SF station, and also to sit in seats where my skin doesn\'t start itching if bare skin happens to make contact with a surface. Get the WiFi consistent and maybe add one more run per day and it\'s 5 stars for sure.', 'stars': '4.0'}
{'review': "Honestly I thought this was very well ran .. especially compared to those Asian tour buses .. I use to have to take those at least once a month to go home to L.A. from college in Vegas .. and the seats were uncomfy and scratchy ..but mega bus was very comfy and you can charge your phone and use Wi-Fi if needed .. the lower deck has seats like trains where there's a table in the middle and you face each other which is convenient for people that would like to do work while on these long trips .. I took the bus to sf from la and back .. my trip up was only $5 & my trip back was $30 or something like that .. great deal compared to the Asian buses .. they board by giving you out a number ticket and depending how early you come you get first pick .. The only thing I wish I could change is that darn green light .. why . Why green .. why do we need that light anyways! Especially when you take the midnight bus and everyone is sleeping anyways .. sigh oh well can't have the world -.-", 'stars': '4.0'}
{'review': "hit or miss as sometimes it flows from sf to the biggest little city without any hiccupstoday is startin out as a miss as the greyhound alum has migrated overthere's a pitbull on board, a crying baby (not her fault obviously) and an obese ebt woman crunching away on all the chips made available in aisle 3 at your local grocer. \xa0also a gentleman who has mistaken the megabus table for his fidi officethen of course there's that douche (me). \xa0journalizing, yelping and venting about it.suddenly there's a new contender. \xa0can't forget the mega douche militant, ocd, controlling old guy driver on the 2nd leg from sac to reno as he's a nazi with his my way or highway mentality. \xa0his ex wife must feel so liberated. \xa0friggin guy thinks he's commandeering air force one, get over yourselfit is cheap though @$17 last minute", 'stars': '3.0'}
{'review': "This is the WORST service. Customer service sent me a generic response to my email, which didn't either answer my question or address my issues. I would give this a zero, if possible. They are UNBELIEVABLY difficult and irrational with regards to luggage. The employees do not know the rules, which makes travel difficult for riders. This is unsafe and I would never use this service again.", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': 'Nice way to get from San Francisco to L.A.Bring your own toilet paper. It runs out quickly and try not to sit near the toilet. By the end of the journey, it stinks!', 'stars': '4.0'}
{'review': 'I\'m currently on the 7:15 SF Megabus to LA.A passenger removed his shirt and kept it off. I told the bus driver and she made a general announcement regarding proper bus attire.When I returned to my seat, his female companion repeatedly screamed at me that I was a "cracker ass faggot" and then insulted my mother and father in the next breath. As I am I gay man, I told her that yes, I am gay. She shook her fist in my face and threatened to "beat [my] cracker ass" and that I was a "gay ass cracker."She continued to scream and threaten loudly enough for both levels of the bus to hear her. She continued till I picked up my things and moved downstairs.I clearly told the bus driver what transpired and that I would pursue legal recourse if I was again threatened - or if the homophobic woman made good her threats.The driver did nothing. She barely acknowledged the matter and when we arrived at our next stop (San Jose), did not remove the homophobic screamer. The driver did, however, sternly admonish me for accidentally sitting in a reserved seat. I reminded her that I had been physically threatened upstairs and was happy to sit anywhere that wasn\'t upstairs.A kind passenger generously offered her open seat.Rarely have I felt more unsafe. I\'m now trapped on a bus for 5.5 more hours with a rage-aholic and a bus driver who obviously feels that as a gay man, I am undeserving of any sort of safety or lack of aggressive acts by other passengers.I will get the driver\'s name and contact Megabus more directly. As a paying customer, my safety should be just as valuable as the next person. Obviously that is not the case with this driver or with a company that would employ someone with such a lack of understanding.', 'stars': '4.0'}
{'review': "The bus rides are reliable and always on time. I usually take trips from SF TO LA and it is easy, fast, and cheap. I personally think it's better than driving too. Prices range as low as $10 to $80 (usually near holidays) The only reason why I knocked down a star was because IT'S COLD. They have a program AC that can't be change. Advice: If you don't want to freeze, I would suggest to sit downstairs. Pluses: Outlet charges for your phones wifi (even though it's slow)cheap pricesnice seatsbad: too coldtired of eating McDonaldsstinky bathrooms by the end of the rideAdvice**Never take the bus during rush hours of any cities. You are looking at a 9hr bus ride at least.", 'stars': '4.0'}
{'review': 'Oh my gosh what a great experience! This could not have been more convenient! Stayed the night in San Francisco, needed to get back to Sacramento the next day! The bus was so easy to book. For $11, I got to ride on a clean double decker bus. It arrived on time, the check in process went smoothly, found a seat with a little table to set my drink. The bus has plugs to plug in a cell phone or laptop. The crowd didn\'t seem "rough" and the locations of pick up and drop off were perfect! The bus quoted 2 hour travel time and even arrived about 20 minutes earlier! This is something I will be spreading the word about. Oh wait...I already have ;)', 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': 'Used to be very happy with megabus - always started on time and a quick trip. Our trip was delayed indefinitely today, and when we called megabus to get a time of departure, all we got was attitude. The rep went on and on about predicted times and avoided my direct questions regarding how to initiate a refund. At one point she decided to give me the definition of "predicted time," and when I told her I understand what that word means she told me well, then I have nothing more to tell you. Still haven\'t confirmed a departure time because the website and the customer service line give contradictory answers. Pretty poor service considering they only refund tickets after you\'ve waited around for two hours and no bus shows.', 'stars': '4.0'}
{'review': "The only good thing about this service is that it was kind of cheap ($40 one-way), but I wouldn't even consider $40 that cheap. \xa0I've used Megabus a number of times, and every time, my patience gets thinner. \xa0At least let's start with the Good:- $40 is still cheaper than any airline, and I have gotten $30 tickets in the past. \xa0I kind of feel like their $1 tickets are just a marketing tactic...I have never successfully gotten one of those.- Unfortunately, the price is really the only good thing about this service.The Bad:- WiFi on the bus NEVER works!!! \xa0Really annoying because I'm counting on that travel time to be productive with work and emails.- ONLY 1 bag allowed. That's really ridiculous considering it's a bus service. us.megabus.com/luggage-a- I don't really like having to get there super early just so I can try to get a window seat, which is still a 50/50. \xa0The OK price is the reason I gave it 2 stars rather than one. \xa0There are some aspects of this service that make it really inconvenient, but I guess you get what you pay for.Still nice to have these guys as an option between SF and LA.", 'stars': '5.0'}
{'review': "Having taken Greyhound before, I was pretty nervous about my first trip on Megabus. However, when I got to the caltrain station at 11pm for a red-eye bus ride down to LA, I realized it wasn't going to be so bad afterall. The double decker buses are nice and clean. On the two rides I've been on so far, everyone has been pretty good about not making too much noise. Everyone was either asleep within an hour into the trip or quietly making conversation with their neighbors (on the daytime ride). No crazy hobos here.Even after a 40 minute stop in Kettleman city, we still arrived at the destination 15 minutes early. Complaints? No real ones. I don't expect much from the wifi. Heck, not even my cell \xa0phone has proper reception all throughout highway 5. If you don't need your own car in whatever city you're traveling to, Megabus is a really nice option. It takes the same amount of time, costs less (b/c of gas and/or bridge tolls depending on where you're going), and you can sleep without feeling bad for not staying awake with the driver. I will definitely be using megabus to get to LA and Sacramento in the future.", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': 'I would not recommend the following people to ride this bus:- people with motion sickness- people with bladders as small as a squirrel (imagine a portapotty on a bus)FROM SF TO LA:I got to the Caltrain station and the driver was super friendly. Me and my friend were smart enough to grab the back row seats upstairs for more room, although I wish we could have snagged the downstairs seats with a table though. \xa0The bus ride is 7-8 hours with a 20-30 minute break, same as if one were to drive down.FROM LA TO SF:Boarded at Union Station in DTLA and even though we were 40 mins early, we were 10th in line. Kudos to MEGABUS for having a customer service guy to keep shit real. \xa0He made sure no one cut in line and just bum-rushed the door, which I thought was awesome and fair. \xa0My decision to sit in the FRONT of the bus upstairs was a bad one. \xa0For some reason I felt like those seats are ESPECIALLY uncomfortable. \xa0Also, I would advise anyone that has motion sickness to NOT sit in those particular seats.The one con I would have to point out is that the Wi-fi does not work on the bus, but thank goodness I brought a friend to chitchat with.Definitely going to be a customer again!', 'stars': '4.0'}
{'review': "What can I say about megabus that hasn't already been done to death? Its inexpensive, its packed with broke people and its unbearably cramped. But I rode round trip from LA to SF for less then half I would pay for a one way plane ticket. five stars", 'stars': '4.0'}
{'review': "The megabus is so, so good. Definitely recommend it to anyone making last-minute trips up or down the coast and not wishing to spend an arm & leg on plane fare. Or hitchhike. The earlier you buy, the cheaper your ride, as low as $1 if you're fast enough. I bought my own ticket a few days before and paid only $17 one way. Not bad, Megabus, not bad at all. Both of my rides were extremely comfortable (the bus was just empty enough that most people had the seat next to them unoccupied if they were traveling solo), on time, both in terms of pick up and drop off, staff were extremely courteous and kind, and I could work the entire time on my computer (although, yes, the wireless most definitely does not work). Seats are first come, first serve, so if you arrive early, you can even snag the front row seat on top and an incredible, unencumbered view of central California for your journey. On one of my trips, the 5 was closed because of ice (silly California...!) which meant we had to take a detour via the 101. Ocean views for $17? It must have been my lucky day.The driver's corny jokes and all, this gets a 5 and many recommendations to try it out yourself.", 'stars': '4.0'}
{'review': "I took megabus from Sac to SF and it was a breeze! We left on time and arrived on time as well. There's free wifi and outlets. The wifi worked fine on my trip. I don't know if this is same for every ride but it was a pretty empty bus. Almost everyone had the row to themselves. Bus was clean and maintained a good AC level. I highly recommend taking megabus!", 'stars': '4.0'}
{'review': "Well, I'm on one right now...I normally fly from SF to LA and vice versa, but for 5 bucks RT, I had to see for myself what the deal is. In order to avoid annoying my friends, I'll be chronicling my journey via this Yelp review rather than tweeting or FB posting obnoxiously.START: 12:38pm - I've sequestered a seat. The upholstery and general feel of the bus is that it's probably been doing work since the 90's, but not in an unpleasant way. Solid leg room, and the upper deck of the bus does have a pretty sweet view. Fairly empty, actually.1:20pm - The WiFi appears to exist, but not in any useful capacity. Rather than suffer for the sake of the story, I'm tethering my laptop to my phone's 4G. I love technology...it'd be nice if the Megabus lived up to its WiFi aspirations...docking a star here. 2:20pm - We've stopped in San Jose. I didn't realize that we'd be picking up more humans, but it makes sense. Bus is now 95% full. My personal row has been compromised, but I still feel like I've got some good real estate. Seatmate is unfortunately a taciturn man, not a cute girl who loves talking about fantasy football and music.Ultra-late edit: I fell asleep and stopped writing about my experience, but it was basically exactly what you'd expect. I made it down in just about 8 hours, easy ride, no real problems. Same thing back up. Go for it.", 'stars': '4.0'}
{'review': "Realistically, this is probably as good as long-distance bus travel can possibly get. But it still wasn't a great experience for me.Pros:* Cheapest way to travel between SF & LA ($70 round trip for me)* Power outlets!* Modern bus, comfortable ride* Departs on timeCons:* Seats are uncomfortable. They seem to sit a little to high, so my legs don't get good circulation - and I'm 6' tall - I can imagine it would be worse for a shorter person. They are also not well-cushioned, and don't recline very far.* Legroom is comparable to economy on the worst airlines.* Due to traffic, we arrived over an hour late in both directions (yes, I know this isn't Megabus' fault, and they even tried to make up as much time as possible by taking a very short rest stop).* WiFi is very slow - I just used my phone's data access instead.In summary, I think it's a good deal if you're booking a last-minute trip to LA. But if I'm able to plan ahead, I can get a flight for ~$160 round trip, and it's worth it to spend a little extra for the comfort and convenience. I'd be happier with the long trip if the seats were more ergonomic and we weren't packed in like sardines.", 'stars': '3.0'}
{'review': "Cheap easy way to get to LA and back, can't really go wrong with this.It picks up/drops off on 4th St (directly in front of Caltrain for pick up, in front of the Safeway for drop off). \xa0It is highly advised that you get there early to get decent seats. \xa0It is also important to please keep in mind that they do a 2nd pick up in Oakland, so don't get super attached to the empty seat beside you. \xa0The drop off in LA is at the back end of Unions Station. \xa0Convenient to the metro and the Pac Surfliner to SD if you're planning on training further south (I usually head to San Juan Capistrano, so this is handy info to know).Also, don't be a scumbag. \xa0People are generally nice, and won't bother you or insist on conversation (in fact, they're often scared of the prospect), so you don't need to pile all of your stuff on the seat next to you to block off access. \xa0(Kind of rude too, don't you think?)There's a stop in Kettleman city, so you can grab lunch/a snack. \xa0Be quick though! You don't want to be the last person holding up the bus when you get there.Wireless doesn't work. \xa0Don't bother asking about it.", 'stars': '4.0'}
{'review': 'What a great deal!!My wife found this service, and at first we were a little apprehensive (especially traveling with 2 children, and 8 bags of luggage (call us crazy, but we had winter clothes for the family as well). \xa0We were picked up in San Francisco and travelled to Sparks, NV (stayed in Reno). \xa0The ride over was great. \xa0Coming from Hawaii, I did not feel comfortable driving over the pass, especially with 2 children. \xa0Megabus to the rescue!! \xa0We cruised to Sacramento for a short pick up, and was off to Sparks. \xa0The ride was great as the bus is climate controlled. \xa0There is also wifi (although spotty), charger outlets, and a bathroom. \xa0The double decker bus was clean, and the people on board were regular people. \xa0At first I was a bit worried, but the people were dressed nice, and was not the typical "greyhound" cliental (no offense). \xa0A very pleasant ride, and for $2 round trip... \xa0cannot go wrong!!', 'stars': '5.0'}
{'review': "i HATED the megabus! yes, it was a cheap way to get from San Francisco to Los Angeles but i would have rather spent a few extra dollars to catch a flight that was comfortable and took a fraction of the time. What really bothers me about the Megabus is the false advertisement concerning the Wi-Fi. the whole reason i took the \xa0bus was because i thought i could sit back and relax and watch some netflix and maybe catch a nap. i couldn't have been more wrong. the 6am bus from SF to LA...the bus driver decides to BLAST the local rock station radio. i really couldn't believe how loud it was...at 6 in the morning! VERY unprofessional and not courteous to the rest of the people on the bus.I will NEVER take megabus again for these reasons and would recommend just paying a few extra dollars for a flight", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "I rode from San Fran to LA for $10! The bus was clean, I had wifi and the bathroom didn't stink. We picked up a few sketchy people from Oakland but it was all good.", 'stars': '4.0'}
{'review': "If anyone wants to travel between Reno and SF, this is the way to go! Cheaper than a tank of gas and so much more relaxing. Plus, you can play on your I-pad the whole time with free wif-fi. It is double decker with a glass roof so you get a beautiful view of the Bay and the Sierra Nevada Mountains. \xa0I accidentally double booked my tickets and didn't realize until I got my statement a month later. I called them up and they refunded the extra ticket the same day! Great experience overall, and super clean and quick as well. Highly recommend!", 'stars': '5.0'}
{'review': "Punctual, quiet, and reasonable. Overall, a great service. Buses can be cold so pack layers and/or a blanket. Also, drivers are very inconsistent with following luggage requirements so be prepared to pay if bringing a lot of luggage. Wifi has gotten better but still slow - don't expect to stream. Buses uses to be in beautiful shape but have been showing wear and are somewhat dirtier than they used to be.", 'stars': '5.0'}
{'review': "The AC was broken on the bus from SF to LA. It was freaking HOT!!!! They're supposed to do an inspection of the bus and I'm not sure how that one got overlooked. It was miserable. The wifi is also super slow AND THERE'S NO STREAMING VIDEOS!! \xa0They advertise their free wifi but it's pretty much useles when you can't use Netflix or youtube or even videos on instagram or facebook. I ended up just using my 4G the whole time because it was faster anyways. Other than that it was what I expected...a cheap ride to LA. At least I didn't have to drive myself, \xa0although that may have been more comfortable because I could have had the AC blasting on my face.", 'stars': '2.0'}
{'review': "Pros: cheap price. \xa0Arrived in one piece both times I've taken it between SF and Sacramento. \xa0Trip leaving SF has always arrived on time.Cons: Trip leaving Sacramento was ~1.5 hours late one time (on time the other time). \xa0The time it was late, it was impossible to get a hold of anyone at their number. \xa0A couple waiting at the same place claimed they had missed the afternoon trip because they waited to no avail. \xa0It was cold and pouring rain, too, which didn't help.Also con: do not expect marked signs of their stop and be prepared for stops to move around. \xa0Last year when I took them, they were on the east side of Caltrain station. \xa0This year the stop moved to the north side. \xa0For Sacramento, last year it was in old town and this year it's clear across the downtown area (which incidentally is a good thing since it's right at the lightrail station so lots of parking).I've never used their Wi-Fi but heard it's slow, so ok for email but don't expect streaming video to work.There's a restroom on board and little trash bags, reading lights...not bad for the price!", 'stars': '3.0'}
{'review': "I LOVE MEGABUS! Before Megabus, to get to LA San Franciscans had few options. Pay outrageous airline prices and deal with tight airport security, Ride the Grey Hound bus that takes 12 hrs, or drive \xa0in a car and pay the ridiculous gas prices.Now There is Megabus!!!! Fares are as low as $1, and service is speedy!!! The average trip time between LA and SF is 6-7 hours, which is the same amount of time it takes in a car. My round-trip from SF to LA and back was also pleasant for me with respectful people who just wanted to catch some zzz's, read, or use their electronic devices. The drivers were helpful and friendly. Enjoy Megabus now before more people catch on :) Tips: - Bring a small pillow and blanket... The chairs are not soft- The wifi really does not work, so don't get your hopes up :) - Book your ticket as far in advance as you can to get the $1 fare. Last minute round trip tickets average out at $40...still reasonable! - Come 45-30 minutes early to get the seat you want- Bring a snack and water. Bus stops in town for 20-30 minute lunch- Print out or write down the confirmation number on your email receipt, you'll need it!- Pack light. They charge extra for overweight bags. See Website for details - Tip the drivers. They work hard to get you there in a short amount of time.", 'stars': '5.0'}
{'review': "I loved it! \xa0Traveling round trip from San Francisco to Sacramento. \xa0Pros: 1. cheap $10.50 round trip tickets for two2. convenient pick up right in front of Caltrain station and the bus was there 20 minutes before departure time3. efficient, it is estimated that the travel time from San Francisco to Sacramento is 2 hours but we arrived in 1 1/2 hours4. maybe because I had a short traveling distance so there were no pit-stops \xa05. free wifi on board6. friendly bus operator7. clean 8. restroom on board, but I'd rather destroy my bladder before I ever use itCons:1. motion sickness!!I love MegaBus so much I recommend it to everyone. \xa0I've taken Greyhound and MegaBus far exceeded my expectations.", 'stars': '5.0'}
{'review': "Overall a nice pleasant tripW-fi : Doesn't work. Period.Timing: Left on time ,arrived 15 mins earlyLeft on a friday morning at 11:30, the bus was not that crowed at allGoing from San Francisco to Sacramento, there is no rest stop", 'stars': '4.0'}
{'review': 'awful customer service, was given incorrect pricing without even looking at my account, asked for manager and they had the audacity to hang up on \xa0me.....ok its cheap but i would rather pay more to be treated like a person.', 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "My husband and I both tried using Megabus for the SF to Reno roundtrip, and twice we each had a bad experience on the trip back. The first time was very, very bad. The bus broke down near El Sobrante on the Reno to SF leg, and my husband was stranded there for six hours after the replacement bus left without him and his brother. The replacement bus took more than three hours to get there, so he and his brother went to a nearby restaurant to wait, leaving his cell phone number with the driver to call when the bus arrived. She forgot to call. So I had to drive all the way over there from SF to pick them up at 8:30pm. Their luggage stayed on the bus though, so I had to drive to the Caltrain station again the next day to get it, since it ended up in Sacramento and had to be sent back. It was a miracle we got it back, but it was no thanks to the Megabus people. I strongly recommend putting luggage tags on any luggage you let them check in, that's probably the only way we got ours back.I thought my husband had just had extremely bad luck, so I decided to try it for a trip to Sparks.The bus did not show up at the designated time in Sparks for the trip back, and there was no text notification from Megabus. When called, they didn't know where the bus was, only that it was broken down. It finally got there three hours late, without much help from the company on updates. Half of the people waiting had given up and left. I felt really sorry for the people in SF at the Caltrain station who had been waiting for our bus to arrive there to travel to their destination, it was almost midnight by the time it got there, and they where waiting outside on the sidewalk, children included.I'm giving two stars instead of one because the trips from SF to Reno were ok both times, and also because what do you expect for $15 each way. You get what you pay for. I just don't find it worth the aggravation, but it may still be better than the alternatives if you can afford to be stranded for a few hours/can't afford to get there any other way. Just don't count on getting there on time.", 'stars': '2.0'}
{'review': "Definitely the most cost efficient way to get to So Cal from the Bay. Tips:- bring a cushion for your back--the seats are rigid and aren't meant for more than a 30 minute ride.-The wifi SUCKS. It will work 5 minutes out of an hour and be really slow. Don't expect to do any remote work using their wifi.-There will be one stop for food at a good location with Subway, Carls Jr, etc.-There are working power sockets in each seat that I tried, which is great.Overall... If you have the money, just fly Southwest and don't waste your time/kill your back on this semi-comfortable ride", 'stars': '3.0'}
{'review': "This was trip happened last November. I was traveling from Sparks, Nevada to San Francisco for the weekend. I arrived at Centennial Plaza 15 minutes prior to departure like is recommended. When I get there, the bus driver informs us she will not allow us to board the bus until the scheduled DEPARTURE time! Never mind that we were supposed to leave Sparks at 2:45pm, So we depart at 3 or so and stop in Reno, then we head on the two hour journey to Sacramento traffic. We get to Sacramento 1 hour late. Also the bus stop is near Sac State which requires a hop on a two lane highway that was congested beyond belief. The bus drivers change over and the new bus driver apologizes for the inconvenience and says he'd do his best to get us to San Francisco. We still arrived 40 minutes late. I filed a complaint with Megabus and never heard back from them on the practices of that bus driver and a email from them just reminded me about the incident. I won't ride Megabus again because of it. They stop in inconvenient locations to transfer to other transit providers and their drivers don't understand what departure means.", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "The bus is clean and fast. But the driver and baggage loading guys were rude. I was made to check a bag that would certainly fit under the seat. There are outlets apparently but I don't see them yet.", 'stars': '2.0'}
{'review': 'Wow what a punk \xa0Rudy i introduced my self and ny company he basically disrespected me tand told me to back of \xa0fthe bus megabus', 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': 'I had a terrible experience with the Megabus ride from SF to Sacramento. First of all, the bus was supposed to depart at 8:30. It didn\'t arrive until past nine, and we weren\'t on the rode until 9:20 or so. I got an email on my phone that said the bus was "delayed due to inclement weather." That day there wasn\'t a cloud in the sky, so that seemed like a strange excuse. I shrugged off the late start time and was in line to get on the bus. I get to the front, drop off my backpack and turn to get on the bus. The EXTREMELY rude driver suddenly says, "you\'re not going on with that." Not in a nice, "excuse me" kind of way, just flat out rude. I didn\'t know what he meant at first, but then realized he wouldn\'t let me on with my guitar. To explain: my guitar is a pretty small travel guitar. It is not a regular full size guitar. It is made for traveling and backpacking. I have rode buses and even planes with it and have never had a problem. It is a bit long but very skinny. It is sort of in a gray area for size limits, but when I sit in the chair it mostly fits under the seat on front of me, and the top just extends over into my lap. Basically, the size does not effect anybody else. It may be a little bit more uncomfortable for me, but it isn\'t in anyone else\'s way or anything. Anyways, I try to tell the driver that it fits right in between my legs but he says, "I don\'t care. You are not going on there with this." I am shocked at his rudeness and I try to explain, "it is my guitar, I really don\'t want to put it under the bus where it can get damaged. I have ridden other buses and planes and have never had a problem." He just says again, "I DO NOT CARE. Put it down or you are not getting on MY bus." I try to reason with him. "What if I take the actual guitar out and just sit with that? That way it will be even more compact." He says, "there are no musical instruments allowed on the bus." I say, "I am not going to play it, I just really don\'t want it to get damaged in the bottom." He says, "IT\'S OVER. Put it down or you are not getting on." Finally the employee who is actually putting the bags in the bottom looks at me with an understanding look and says, "I\'ll make sure it goes in a safe place." I figured my only choice was to trust this guy so that was what I did. Then before the bus took off I saw the driver be rude to some other people who had slightly long luggage that they wanted to put in their laps too. Then the driver even YELLED at a guy who was trying to see if he could ride the bus even though he had a ticket for another time slot. This driver was unbelievable. The whole ride I was nervous that my guitar was in the bottom, smashed or something. But when we got to Sacramento, I get outside, and my guitar is the very first item out on the sidewalk. This was the only thing that made this ride good at all. So thank you VERY much to the employee who was putting the bags in and kept my guitar safe. You deserve a raise! No thanks at all to the very rude and unprofessional driver. And for 11 bucks, that\'s not even THAT cheap for an hour and a half drive. I will never ride Megabus again.', 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "So far just okay.. The seats are tiny, wifi never works.. Lets see how well this ride goes. I guess you can't expect much from a bus. But this is false advertisement with this non-working wifi.Btw... Where are the outlets they said we would have on board? I haven't seen one yet.If you have allergies please bring your medicine. I don't know if its just dusty as hell or what but a lot of people (including myself) are having allergy attacks as we speak since we boarded this thing. I may need to knock off a star at the end of this trip.", 'stars': '3.0'}
{'review': 'This was my second round trip on megabus. We arrived early to get the downstairs table seats so it is a more comfortable ride, and of course we got them. We went from San Francisco to Reno and back. The trip to Reno was decent. We got there in the exact time stated. The driver was nice, not overly friendly, but nice. The reason for my 4 star review is due to the HORRIBLE driver on the way back from Reno to San Francisco.* It was the 3:10 trip out of Reno on Saturday November 16th. *The bus was 20 minutes late first. The driver was mean and rude. The bus was very empty so there was plenty of seating. Me and my boyfriend were the only two people sitting at a four person table. *We were very tired so I put my feet up on the seat across from me. The driver snaps at me and says I know it\'s comfortable but you need to put your feet down unless you want to pay for another seat, with a very mean tone in his voice. *During the drive he threatened to come and remove 2 other riders bags from the bus if they didn\'t put their bags on the floor, or or pay for another seat.When we stopped to drop off/pick up passengers in Sacramento, we were allowed to step off the bus for a second. Another passenger stepped off to have a cigarette.The driver told her, you just have to get every last puff you can huh. Then he proceeds to tell her, "your lucky I had to go to the bathroom or I would of left without you."She kind of laughed politely and apologized, he then smirked,, "you go head and laugh but I\'m not kidding, I will leave you behind." What an A**hole!!!* As he pulled away from the stop in Sacramento, a guy was rushing to catch the bus, the driver honked at him to move out of his way and drove off.. If I encounter a jerk like this guy again, it will for sure make me think twice about using megabus service. This guy needs to be fired.', 'stars': '4.0'}
{'review': 'Well, they didn\'t even allow me on the bus, because I had a guitar with me! Apparently they have such a strict luggage policy that the driver wouldn\'t allow the guitar (in a Mono case) under the bus. He said it was company policy and they don\'t refund prepaid tickets. I immediately looked on the website: us.megabus.com/luggage-ano mention of musical instruments at all. I called customer service, which was a nightmarish runaround where they told me that my only recourse was to email inquiries@megabus.com to explain the situation and they would decide "on a case-by-case-basis" whether to give me my $11. Also, I learned that it is not actually company policy at all, but driver\'s discretion, so I had a dick driver, and that a guitar was ok size-wise. The driver told me it was a liability issue. Screw this company, I say, TSA is in the process of guaranteeing musical instrument transport, I hear it will be law by next year. The questionable ethics of a no-refund policy when faced with driver discretion on luggage is yet another reason to avoid Megabus. \xa0We\'ll see if I ever see the money back (it was only $11) but for now, I\'m stuck and need to get home.', 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "I didn't know these guys hired extortionists as staff \xa0at their SF location.The guy threatened to prevent my parents from boarding the bus on the grounds that their bags were too big (which it was not - it was a regular sized tote bag). I told him that we would just get all the stuff into one bag, but he was hell bent on getting us to buy \xa0a $50 ticket for another person. Considering he kept reiterating the fact that the bus was FULL to the other passengers around, I don't see how that would have worked out. After much argument my parents got onto the bus. Needless to say, I will not be taking a Megabus from SF anymore. I have otherwise had a decent experience with Megabus in other cities.", 'stars': '2.0'}
{'review': 'We decided at the last minute to dash up to Reno. \xa0I had heard about the cheap fares and so we decided to risk it. $68 round trip for two SF/Reno. \xa0 We got off the CalTrain and there were a couple cats in blue hoodies and vest asking wandering people with luggage (like us) "Megabus?" \xa0I want to be clear, these men were _not_ Hollering "MEGABUS!"--No we were approached politely, and asked "Megabus?" \xa0I said yes, but we wanted to get coffee--He said, "Well after you grab your coffee, there is a fellow up the street there in an orange vest who will check you in." \xa0Beautiful.Kevin checked people in, made two lines, kept the sidewalk clear, and shared instructions. \xa0Once the bus came, he loaded the luggage, with help and apparently without the expectation of a tip.The trip was pleasantly uneventful and on time. \xa0The one recommendation would be to skip the piped in music. \xa0It was short lived and low volume, but it did interrupt a nap.The return trip from Reno left a little late, but seemed real late because, to a minor degree, the boarding was not as organized and because, to a great degree, of the LOUD woman sharing with her sister, niece and everybody within 50 feet all of her aches, pains, lawsuits and problems she had last time that caused her to have to \xa0yell at the driver.Except that some of the passengers talked too much, the experience overall was very good. \xa0Especially when compared to $1000 that the air tickets on Southwest would have cost at the last minute.We\'ll do it again, with a group of friends.', 'stars': '4.0'}
{'review': ': it got worse. I will NEVER ride megabus again. There is always at least a couple of people who are smoking weed in the bathroom that subsequently fills up the bus. Number 2: seats are so small. I did an overnight trip and the person next to me was laying his head down on my seat, legs where mine were supposed to be; sprawled out. (that\'s how uncomfortable and small the chairs are; everyone is on top of each other). I didn\'t get a wink of sleep and was unable to enjoy the birthday that I was traveling for the next day. I contacted customer service and they basically didn\'t give a sh*t. Oh yea, and someone stole my galaxy note 4 phone when I was letting other people get off at a previous stop. This really pissed me off because they told me "too bad." Man, if that happened on the Bolt Bus, the driver would have had some words with people to get it back. It just seems like they operate in the real world, not like megabus which doesn\'t even tell people to not smoke in the bus or talk on the intercom in general. They just play a stupid movie at the beginning that doesn\'t tell anyone about rules on the ride. I like how bolt but is up front about everything: no smoking, listen to music with headphones, don\'t stream movies or music so everyone can use the internet; etc etc.Oh yea, megabus\' internet doesn\'t work at all. It just constantly disconnects/kicks you off. Don\'t let anyone convince you otherwise.I prefer boltbus as you can really tell that they appreciate your business for customer loyalty unlike megabus who once has your money doesn\'t really care about the experience.', 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "The bus driver Tracy is extremely unprofessional. She was an hour and 20 minutes late to sf due to traffic for a ride to Sacramento. Understandable. However, she was very abrasive, and for a better word, ghetto in her demeanor. She made it very clear over the microphone that she was the victim here, because she had to take a detour to get to sf, and how has to go right back to sac. She did not apologize. She yelled over microphone that if we talked over her while she was talking we would have to deal with her so be quiet. She was extremely inappropriate. This isn't my first ride with her, it's actually maybe my 4th. She's always inappropriate, but typically I ignore it. I also left a Kate spade wallet on her bus once (my bad), but I was the last person on the bus to get off(I wait to be the last off on purpose), and when I filed a claim, they said no one found my wallet. Interesting. I didn't think anything of it. But after being treated the way I was today, and talked to like an idiot even though I'm an educated, friendly, adult woman, it wouldn't surprise me if she kept it.", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "ONE BAD THING ABOUT EXPERIENCE. IT'S TERRIBLY COLD, bring a blanket if you don't mind sitting in a freezer for several hours.Simple and easy to book, ridiculously cheap, working outlets, spotty wifi, comfortable seating, arm rest folds up, friendly helpful driver, quick load/unload of passengers and luggage. Bus arrived on time and arrived at our destination early.", 'stars': '4.0'}
{'review': "I've taken Megabus from San Francisco to LA twice, and the only issue I ever had was a passive-aggressive seatmate who kept trying to hog the armrest. All you have to do is show up an hour early, get in the line, and hop aboard. The bus is air-conditioned and modern. Sure, the WiFi is spotty, but at least there are outlets to charge phones and laptops. I'll fly when I'm in a time crunch, but otherwise, this Megabus route is a worthy, frugal alternative.", 'stars': '4.0'}
{'review': 'It was freezing. \xa0We bought 2 blankets, gloves, hat and scarf for the return journey. It was clean and roomy for a bus. \xa0However, if I have to dress like an Eskimo from San Francisco to LA then forget it. \xa0We actually contemplated a $40 electric blanket \xa0because they do have outlets on the bus.', 'stars': '2.0'}
{'review': 'I\'ve taken megabus between San Francisco and Reno half a dozen times over the past 6 months, and have been ok putting up with grumpy drivers, crazy passengers, loud cell phone comcersations, etc, until today\'s hellacious experience. 50 minutes east of Sacramento, just as the sun was setting, the bus came to an abrupt stop on a very narrow shoulder. Turned out it was a fan issue, which the driver determined would be a simple 30 second fix, except he didn\'t have the right size wrench!?!We were provided with virtually no information about what was going on as we waited. And waited. And. . . Waited. Dispatch repeatedly told the driver that someone was "on the way" several times. Finally, over 3 HOURS later, a replacement bus showed up. The new bus\' driver informed us he\'d left Sacramento 50 minutes prior, meaning that dispatch had misled us for over 2 hours. It turns out, these buses have no emergency food or water supplies, the AC was turned off making it stifling, and we were not allowed off the bus for safety reasons. We were pulled over in a spot with very little shoulder, while Semis flew by just feet from the bus, making the whole vehicle shake. Totally. sketchy. experience. I understand Megabus is a low cost carrier, but they need to make serious improvements to their safety and customer service if they want repeat riders!', 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': 'Comfortable. WiFi is bad. But you can really get a one dollar ticket, I have gotten several of them. Best ground transportation between cities by far.', 'stars': '5.0'}
{'review': "I had been wanting to try Megabus for a long time but they cancelled their service for a while. I was SO pleased to discover they are back and when I had a somewhat last minute trip to LA I needed to make I decided it was the perfect occasion to try Megabus (especially since I'm on a budget). Because of the short notice, I paid about $50 RT but that is still really cheap in comparison to flights or gas. \xa0Anyway, I was really happy with how nice and helpful the bus loaders and the drivers were, and both directions we arrived approximately 30 minutes AHEAD of schedule. the bus was comfortable enough and I never used the WiFi or the bathroom. The best part though is that I can walk to the West Oakland BART pickup location. Can't get much more convenient than that! I'll definitely be riding again!", 'stars': '5.0'}
{'review': 'My wife and I rode the mega bus from oakland to La and had received great service. The ride was comfortable and would be glad to do it again. The bus was clean and the bathroom was clean and the driver was nice. The trip was nice and inexpensive and plan to do it again soon. My wife enjoyed the trip and thought it was cool and would enjoy to do it again.', 'stars': '4.0'}
{'review': "Very positive experience and \xa0impressed with the professionalism of the company. \xa0Booked a one way trip from SF to LA.I got to the station early, saw a bus but it wasn't marked as Megabus. \xa0I asked the lady that's checking tickets and she told me that it is the megabus, just one of their smaller coaches. \xa0I then asked if I can get on the earlier bus. \xa0She informed me that I would need to check with customer service to see if there are any available seats. \xa0I don't see a number for customer service in my confirmation email. She sees that I'm searching and asks if I needed the number. \xa0I was able to get on the earlier bus! \xa0 The porter loaded my luggage and I climb aboard. It wasn't crowded so I was able to get two seats to myself. Seats were what you'd expect from a bus, comfortable enough for the ride. \xa0 The driver informed us of the schedule, the rules (No smoking or consuming alcoho) , the wifi info and that there are no outlets. \xa0Most of the clientele seemed to be college students, everyone was quiet and I was able to nap without any issues.We stopped at Kettleman City (In and Out parking lot), the driver restated that we have only 30 min for the stop. A woman asked if there was a outlet somewhere and he \xa0charged the phone at his console for the duration of the stop. \xa0 I had packed some snacks so I just used the restrooms and walked around a little.Before heading out, the driver gave us an update on the ETA. \xa0The 2nd leg of the trip was similiar to the first.When going up the grapevine, the driver shut down the air. \xa0For the few minutes of heading up hill, the bus smelled like a port-a-potty. \xa0I ended up using the rest room, it wasn't bad, it did take me a few seconds to figure out that the light turns on when you turn the lock.There were some traffic so our arrival time got delayed by 30 min. \xa0The driver did inform us an hour before so we can let our rides know.Overall very happy with the service. \xa0Would definitely recommend it if you're considering it as an option.", 'stars': '4.0'}
{'review': "Megabus started out fine. \xa0However it went oh so cheap and so fresh to Ratchet in no time. My niece luggage waa stolen, the drivers are ghetto and very unprofessional. I don't even want to give it 1 star!! \xa0I DO NOT RECOMMEND THIS BUS SERVCE. \xa0THEY HAVE BECOME EQUAL TO GREYHOUND SERVICES, VERY TACKY!", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': 'I purchased a ticket for travel from San Francisco to Sacramento, 6/3. I heard about this business because I\'m a front desk agent at the Delta King Hotel in Sacramento. In fact, a few weeks prior, I was in direct contact with two (seemingly nice) people from their upper management as they booked one of their passengers into our hotel after she\'d been hospitalized following a bus accident.I arrived at the bus stop across the street from the San Francisco Caltrain station long before the scheduled depart time. When I arrived, the driver still was not in his seat and there was a long line of people waiting outside the bus. I proceeded to the back of that line and waited my turn to show my ticket and board the bus. Turns out the people I was standing among at the back of this line were waiting for another bus to LA. (That bus arrived about 10 minutes after the one for Sac departed.) No signs, no announcements, no nothing. I was fully under the impression we were all boarding for Sacramento. Several minutes later, I look up and the bus is leaving without me (and the people standing near me). I chased the bus half a block and caught the driver at the corner as he tried to make a right turn. I pleaded with the driver for two minutes or so to let me on the bus. I had my ticket in hand which I showed to him through the window and repeatedly asked him politely to open the door. I insisted I\'d been standing in the line long before all the passengers had boarded and neither he nor any other megabus employee announced, "All aboard for Sacramento."The driver tapped the accelerator, lurching the bus at me, forcing me to dodge to the side at which point he jets around me leaving me standing in San Francisco in shorts and a t-shirt on a blustery SF day. If I didn\'t have friends in the area, I have no idea what I would have done.It\'s insane to me that megabus would treat a paying customer this way. All the driver had to do was open the door to the bus and this would be settled. Instead, he nearly struck me with a 15-ton object just to get me out of his way.Considering I then had to call a friend to drive me across the bridge to Emeryville (and give them the gas money and $5 for the bridge fare) and then pay for a $28 Amtrak ticket to get to Sacramento two hours later than I was supposed to, I thought the least they could do is refund my $9.50. I spoke with two representatives back-to-back over the phone and neither of them did anything other than try to sell me another bus ticket which is only doubly ridiculous because there wasn\'t even another bus leaving SF for Sac that day. While displaying reasonable phone manners, I think their phone reps need a little more power to help guests aside from insulting them with outlandish and unreasonable propositions.After waiting for the string of emails to come to a close, my credit card company finally credited my money back but as far as I can tell, Coach USA and Megabus still have not compensated Amex for this $9.50. It\'s been three weeks of emails at this point (over a measly $9.50 credit toward future travel).I recommend people avoid these companies on principle. Yes, they are stupid cheap compared to most competition but seriously, don\'t expect anything even loosely resembling customer service should something go wrong. Be resolved to lose your money entirely, even if the only reason you didn\'t make it onto the bus is entirely their fault.', 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': 'What a great experience! \xa0For $12.50 ROUND TRIP, my husband and 3-year-old son traveled from San Francisco to Los Angeles! \xa0The seats are comfortable, with air adjustments and lights. \xa0On the 1st level there is a bathroom and seats arranged around tables in a lounge style. \xa0On the top level the roof is mostly glass, and the height made for incredible scenic views of the countryside. \xa0The people were nice, funny and helpful. \xa0And the trip was about as quick as driving yourself, but without the hassles. \xa0I have recommended Megabus all across the country to everyone I know!', 'stars': '4.0'}
{'review': 'BE SURE TO GOOGLE: MEGABUS OVERHEATED TIRES.So apparently the wheels on these double decker busses are know to have problems. \xa0On my last ride on MegaBus, the tires overheated several times. \xa0In 2012 there were a couple fatal accidents involving these busses and tire blow outs. \xa0amazing deal.spotless bus.wifi and plugs.clean bathroom. \xa0civilized passengers.what else do you need to know?I hope they give Greyhound a major run for there money and they clean up there act.', 'stars': '3.0'}
{'review': "Dear Mega Bus,I go back and forth to Reno fairly often, and all of these flights take quite a toll on the wallet. So when I heard about you, you seemed too good to be true: San Francisco to Reno for $12? There had to be a catch.But you were everything I had hoped for. You were on time and well groomed. The company you kept wasn't sketchy--in fact, everyone was downright pleasant. I met up with you feeling a bit unsure, but I left you feeling jubilant. This could be the start of something great! It wasn't until an hour or so later that I realized I forgot my suitcase in your luggage compartment. I swear it wasn't an intentional ploy to see you again. I called you immediately. I just wanted my stuff back. The phone rang again and again. Did you give me a fake number? I scolded myself for getting caught up in the excitement of something so new--I didn't really know you, and shouldn't have trusted you. Finally I got through to voicemail and self-consciously left a casual, breezy (or so I hoped) message, explaining my plight. And then I waited. And waited. And you didn't call back.But, lo and behold, the next day you called! You teased me about my forgetfulness, and we had a good laugh about it. You told me that you'd be back in San Francisco that night, and we could meet up to hand off my stuff.I'm not gonna lie--seeing you at the bus station sent a wave of relief over me. I got my stuff back and best of all, forged a new relationship that I don't see ending anytime soon.Mega Bus, I'm not looking for Mr. Right. Right now and right price is just what I'm searching for, and I think this'll work out just fine.Til next time,Hilary", 'stars': '4.0'}
{'review': 'The rides are a good value, but the customer service sucks. \xa0Warning: \xa0you may actually lose money booking trips.I tried twice changing a trip I booked in advance for another date. \xa0I followed the company\'s directions on its Web site to a T. \xa0It took 10 tries for me to finally get my trip in the "trade in" basket. \xa0During those tries, I kept getting a message saying, "This page is refreshing. \xa0Please check back in 24 hours." Once I was able to put the trip in trade, I tried to make a future reservation to credit the future trip with the trade-in trip. \xa0When I went to the VIEW/CHANGE RESERVATIONS page, I saw the trip I put into trade, but there was nothing to click under the column, "Select this trip." \xa0In other words, there was no box to check or button to select. \xa0I kept checking back after 24 hours (at least 27 hours before departure time of the then existing reservation) and even e-mailed the company that I feared I\'d be going beyond the threshold of crediting my trip. \xa0According to one of the Megabus representatives, that\'s exactly what happened. \xa0She said it\'s up to someone at Megabus to review then decide whether to resolve the issue and the person would contact me in about 10 business days.That person never contacted me. \xa0I sent another e-mail after those 10 business days explaining what happened. \xa0About a week later, I got an e-mail message saying, "response time is approximately 5 days. \xa0If you require immediate assistance or your trip is approaching the 24 hour restriction, please call 877-462-6342," and I did that originally. \xa0As you can tell, that did me no good at all. \xa0I ended up losing money and paying for another trip. \xa0This happened to me last year as well, and I ate $15, but those cheap trips start to add up when you eat the costs.I talked to other people on my trip about this, and they told me they experience the same thing: \xa0not able to trade in trips, sucky customer service. \xa0Customer service is more of an answering service; I don\'t think Coach actually trains those people to help customers trouble shoot the Web site with booking issues. \xa0And you have to dig and dig through the site for the customer service number. \xa0It\'s like the company doesn\'t want you calling.I encouraged the people I rode with to file a complaint with the BBB, which I did a couple of weeks after my June 14 incident. \xa0Almost a month later, I get an e-mail from Coach USA wanting to look into the issue.I responded and sent a copy to the BBB about what happened this June and last year, when I ate the $15 trip. \xa0In my response, I made the suggestion that Megabus allow last minute changes for future credits because I\'ve encountered numerous people who approach the Megabus stops wanting a last minute ticket on the bus. \xa0There\'s always been plenty of room on the buses; even when they were totally booked, someone always didn\'t show up, and that person was probably in the same situation as I, in which he couldn\'t take a trip, tried to trade in the trip, and ended up eating the cost. \xa0If Coach doesn\'t want drivers dealing with currency, have the last-minute passenger book the trip on his smart phone!And Coach USA shouldn\'t fear losing money using my suggestions. \xa0It would retain happier customers and gain new ones. \xa0I also feel the company should actually train its customer service staff to actually do something - like, help people with booking trips online - other than taking phone messages. \xa0People want to book trips themselves, but escalation of confusing issues, like, the Web site issues I dealt with, could have been avoided had a customer service person helped me troubleshoot them.BTW: \xa0Coach USA owns and runs megabus.com. \xa0Just know: \xa0it\'s a great value, but the customer service sucks big time; and you do run the risk of actually losing money from trips you cannot exchange for future dates, which may actually make your trip cost more than you think.', 'stars': '2.0'}
{'review': 'Dear Megabus,You suck. You stole my money and ran. I canceled my trip well prior to the date, tried to get a refund, you gave me the runaround. Numerous times I called, left messages, was promised a return phone call from management to resolve the issue. Never happened. You wore me down. You won. I hate you and will warn everyone against you.BAD BAD CUSTOMER SERVICE.RUN AWAY FROM THIS BUS SERVICE.', 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "It's true! Cheap bus fare from SF to LA! The bus was clean, and the seats were comfortable. Try it!", 'stars': '5.0'}
{'review': 'Really bad service not kid friendly at all the driver was so bias n plus how can u purchase tickets quickly when there is no kiosk????? I am hoping I get reimbursed', 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "No complaints at all, $7 round trip from SF to Sac. It was pretty comfortable too, and if the bus driver is on time, you get to your destination on time or even before schedule. I do wish they'd let you bring more stuff on the bus with you instead of having to check stuff in. I had one small purse and a regular sized back pack and they made me check my back pack in, which I think is unnecessary because my purse is small, and I could fit the back pack under my chair or even in my lap as well as my purse, but I've noticed that the baggage policy is different from each driver, and probably as well as how many passengers are on the bus. All the times I've been on the bus, it's never been crowded. The ticket system is very easy and convenient, all you have to do is search for a time/date you want, then buy the seats, the confirmation number is sent to your email and then you show the confirmation number to the driver/attendant, no printing, or waiting for the ticket in the mail, which is awesome for last minute trips.", 'stars': '4.0'}
{'review': "took bus from los angeles to san Francisco,paid $31 I think theres a booking fee as well,i don't know if you can pay cash,the midnight bus was $50 ,they could do with out the stop off out side LA for 20 minutesits about 2 hours outside La,i presume they get paid by the reststop owners to stop there ,people bring on stinky food onto the bus,it would be better getting into san Francisco earlier,the buses are new double deckers,try and sit downstairs as you get shaken around a lot upstairs,the bus should adjust time so it gets in at 2am it it gets in about 2.25am the n muni leaves at 2.25am I just made itit stops at caltrain,which is a long way from market st,,quite a bad area but getting gentrified,a lot of other companies drive from la to sfstaff not friendly,happy with the bus,happy with price,happy with journey times,stops at san jose where most people got off,i would take them again,i would prefer a single decker coach it would \xa0be more comfortable,free wifi but slow,you cant stream videos on it,has green lights on all the time,so you might need \xa0to cover eyes while sleeping,upstairs its hard to sleep as your moving around a lot,caltrain is hard to get from at night,n bus leaves from around the corner where you arrive and brings you to market stit would be nice if they dropped the stop just outside la,bring food and water with you,has a bathroom on the busI was giving it 4 stars but I upgraded it to 5 stars as I read other reviews,it does not deserve the \xa0bad 1 and 3 star reviewsit should get at least 4 stars,for the price its a great way to travel", 'stars': '5.0'}
{'review': 'Megabus is a mega-deal. \xa0$30 now from downtown SF to LA. Clean, polite yet fun (young) passengers, and right on schedule. WiFi is spotty at best but this is service is a great deal.', 'stars': '4.0'}
{'review': "As everyone mentioned here...NO WIFI.Took bus 4 times \xa0going from SF to LA then LA to LAV & back. Electrical outlets are available for 90% of seats on the bus. Arrived on time each time...good pit stop to get food in between SF to LA. This is a bus ride so expect a long bus ride while seated. The bus can be full, but for the most part it's not packed (unless it's Monday/Friday)On 1 bus ride, arrived an hour early and took a bus on standby. Convenient & affordable. \xa0PS: Duh, it's much more convenient to take a 1 hr plan ride to either LA or LV. Megabus does offer good value for a bus ride.", 'stars': '5.0'}
{'review': "I really wanted to try this service as I had seen the ads and heard great things about this company, so I made a reservation for June 2008. \xa0As it turns out, the dates I picked didn't work for me so I tried to go into the system to reschedule. \xa0What I learned was that they were cancelling the line from San Francisco to Los Angeles - I heard it was because of low ridership as the reviewer before me stated, but I am sure the high gas prices made continuing this business highly difficult.It was like pulling teeth though trying to get my money back from them. \xa0Finally, after many calls to them and more empty promises that they would call me back with an update, I finally got my money back. \xa0It was most frustrating. \xa0It would've been a great service and a lucrative traveling option, but I guess it wasn't in the stars for this company.", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': 'great busses but as a senior no more. \xa0no seats to wait for bus and no priority boarding for seniors the driver had to move people for us not good', 'stars': '2.0'}
{'review': 'Rude customer service. Avoid it or be prepared.', 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "I've ridden Megabus twice - two round trips, between Reno and San Francisco.The pros:It certainly is inexpensiveThe buses on the west coast are new, so they are very clean and comfortable, and everything works.The bathrooms were clean; no water, but there is hand sanitizer (bring your own in case they run out)It's about as fast as driving since they hardly stop at all.The power outlets are fine, and the wifi works as long as the bus isn't packed with people using the wifiYou can (and should) bring your lunch or snacks.If the bus is more than two hours late, your fare may be refunded.The view from the top of the double-decker bus is grand.The minuses:Sitting outside waiting for the bus. \xa0It's how they save money, but sitting on the sidewalk for an hour waiting for the bus is 'meh.'Customer service. \xa0Another way they save money, but customer service is hard to get through to and they don't have much information. \xa0For example, when our bus was late (over two hours) customer service told us there was a predicted 45-min to 1-hour delay.And the biggie: NOT FAMILY FRIENDLY. \xa0On our last trip we had an unhappy passenger who was in a rage for about 2 1/2 hours of the 3-hour trip, yelling f-bombs, pounding on the bus, and muttering about wanting to beat someone up (presumably a passenger or the bus driver.) \xa0After the trip, I contacted customer support, who informed me that Megabus NEVER tells a problem customer he is unwelcome on future trips or gives a problem customer a 'no-trespass' notice. \xa0So, yes, if you are so unfortunate to share a ride with someone who is frightening and disruptive, you may well re-encounter this unhappy individual on a future trip. In any case, I certainly would not want to expose a child to that sort of behavior; you might want to keep this in mind if you travel with family. \xa0I don't know what Greyhound would do in this situation, but I can't imagine saying that you want to beat someone would 'fly' on a plane.", 'stars': '2.0'}
{'review': "This is the first time I have written on online review but felt compelled to warn people about the risk of traveling by Megabus and it's non existent customer service. I travelled from Burbank to San Francisco a few months ago and had my luggage stolen off the bus. The bus stopped for a break along the road and in San Jose. I sat in the upper front of the double decker and by the time I got off the bus the driver had already unloaded and tossed the bags on the curb for a free-for-all grabbing of bags. I presume my bag was stolen then, before I even got off the bus by a passenger or passerby at about 2:00am when we arrived. I tried to file a police report but the driver just wanted to get home and leave me at the curb in the middle of the night. I wrote several times to Megabus but they refused to respond and eventually dismissed me with a form letter. Whatever you do, carry all your luggage on board or jump out immediately at every stop to make sure no one grabs your bag. The drivers do not wait to see if people are off the bus and toss out the bags. BE AWARE!!", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "So cheap! So clean! So friendly! WiFi & Plugs. An amazing double decker bus, and I usually don't need to share the seat next to me. I just read, listen to music, sleep and stare out the window. I bring a carry on bag and make it a comfortable pillow, and always bring a warm coverup/ \xa0blanket. The top of the bus has a mostly glass ceiling so its super airy and open. \xa0Stopped once at In-n-out! Always on schedule and is always super quick and almost always arrives early. The only difficult thing is when you are looking for the bus stop before the bus shows up. There are usually no indications as to where to load but after the first time, you learn. The ride was an enjoyable experience and easy. The staff who checks you in and also the drivers are always friendly. I would recommend Megabus to anyone and everyone.", 'stars': '4.0'}
{'review': "I was using Megabus to travel regularly between San Francisco and Los Angeles since I move here on December 2013. The service was not out of the ordinary but was not bad either. Until yesterday 10/9/2014. I had bought a ticket from San Francisco to Los Angeles for 11:30 pm. I had to combine with a New York flight from LAX. I had to wheeled luggages , one medium and one small, that sometimes the airlines allow me to carry on the cabin. The bus driver didn't allow me to board with two luggages, even paying extra for the second bag, and was adamant about it. There was no arguing with her. I lost the bus and had to take the next Greyhond the next day at 7:30 am and of course I lost my flight. I don't get it. At all. The worst service to the traveller or any kind of customer that I had experiend from any transporting company on any part of the world. I put one star because if not I cannot send the report. Better would be minus one. The end result is written on the wall. I would pay more but from now on I will use Greyhound. Good ridance Megabus.", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "First ill say wifi doesn't woke I'm sure I sound like a broken record! It worked for a second literally one second.... Count to 1.... That's how long it worked for. Picture you getting your hopes up because you think your the lucky one that has free wifi; only to crash and burn in 1 second!!! All the movies and shows and Internet blogs about kim kardahsians butt that I can't look up now ugh!!!!! *sigh* anywho I still gave it four stars because the seats are clean there's plug outlets that WORK (for those smart ones that couldn't find them from reviews: there in the middle of the seats in front of you: ehem ehem: who's judging?) this is my first time and its quite packed but..... if you don't want someone asking to sit with you when there's other available seats for them to pair up with.... Just put your stuff in the next seat and stretch out and pretend to be sleeping... I was snoring and everything and people passed me and would stop in look but they took their seat elsewhere. Who wants to sit next to a snoring person with their shit everywhere and their headphones so loud that you would hear it the entire ride???? H! Gotcha b!tch! Lol but no this is a good ride so far and super cheap I will definitely ride this horsey ride!", 'stars': '4.0'}
{'review': 'dont know how anyone got these cheap fares! i paid over 60 weeks n advance to SF from LA each way. you can get a better deal on virgin just sayin. however im afraid of flying so opted this way. yes its a hair less dodgy than greyhound but my neighbor had a 2 hour phone conversation. I dont know how people dont seem to mind strangers knowing their personal life but there you go. small small small seats. all this is fine but my main complaint is i got NO internet. the whole 7 plus hours. i counted on working that 7 hours - forget it. i have an i phone 5, with or without wi fi in. signed in to the megabus site, tons of bars saying i had internet. lo and behold, nothing. if thats something they advertise ...um rethink cause it really screwed my time up. bus drivers are \xa0"not to be spoken to" so had no help. im fairly savy so its a signal thats undetectible.', 'stars': '3.0'}
{'review': 'I\'m not really a bus kind of girl (which is to say, somewhat high maintenance in my taste), so I was a little apprehensive about the idea of taking a bus from Los Angeles back to Oakland. I was also concerned about the amount of time this was going to take (7 hours vs. 4 hours on the plane, including to/from airport time) But for a savings of about $50 (Southwest ticket: $89; Megabus: $34.50), I thought, hm, the Victoria\'s Secret semi annual sale is coming up and so is the Kate Spade sample sale, so I\'m going to need all the extra cash I can get. Anyway, turns out I had nothing to be worried about. The bus was extremely clean, the driver friendly, and the passengers unsketchy. Didn\'t use the bathroom so no comment. There were about 20 people on the huge bus, so nobody had to double up. Leg room wasn\'t fantastic, but being 5\'4" is an advantage every once in awhile. The best part was that we got to West Oakland BART thirty minutes early, so the bus ride was 6 hours and 15 minutes in total, with a 25 minute break at Burger King along the way. Overall, I\'m probably going to fly back to LA if I can get a good ticket price from Southwest next time, but if not, Megabus will definitely be an option. And if I ever see any of the fabled $1 Megabus tickets available, \xa0well, impromptu weekend trip home for me!', 'stars': '5.0'}
{'review': "$1-$15+ LA to SF, crraazy right?? Crazy's right.I was waiting in line, or so I thought, to get on the Megabus from LA to SF. As the driver opens the door, I get bum-rushed by the mob behind me trying to get on the bus. Come on people. This is the kind of shit I expect when PG&E gives out free light bulbs in the heart of Chinatown. What the hell, right?To the Dodger-cap-wearing scumbag sitting in front of me: Thank you for leaning your seat all the way back into my lap. You did this even though you had 2 seats all to yourself. You sure slept well even though my knees might as well have been up your ass the entire 7-hour trip. When the sleeve of your sweater, which you were using as a pillow, fell in front of me, I flicked it back and gave you the finger. You did not notice of course. If you do this again, I will be forced to spit on it.We made a rest-stop at Burger King, along with another Megabus and 2 Grey Hounds. I swear these drivers getting kickbacks, but more power to them.In terms of comfort, taking the Megabus from LA to SF is a lot like riding a Mexican taxi from Tijuana to Rosarito, but rather than BK we had lobster and margaritas instead.", 'stars': '3.0'}
{'review': "The bus drivers are courteous, and the deal, if you reserve in advance, can't be beat. However, departure is disorganized, as a result of lacking an official bus stop and only being able to load or unload one bus at a time, as well as having no convenient place for passengers to wait. Buses tend to leave about ten minutes late, and on a recent trip the bathroom lacked both soap and toilet paper. The real issue, though, is that the heavily advertised free wifi only works on about one in every fifteen attempts to load a web page -- this has been true on two recent trips, so don't count on this feature at all.", 'stars': '3.0'}
{'review': "I am SO SAD Megabus took out their West Coast line. \xa0I thought I could combat the rumors of its doom by spreading the word to every person I knew (which I did), but it's still gone... and it still hurts.When I daydream about the days when I could book a trip from Oakland to LA/SD just a few weeks in advance for a mere $20 RT, I remember the clean new bus seats, the flat screen TVs (that sometimes played movies), an often half-filled bus, the West Oakland stop adjacent to BART in a semi-shady area, and the one time when our bus driver got us to LA in 5 hours flat. \xa0Amazing... no pit stops, no funny business, just pure driving with a whopping 6 passengers sleeping in the back. \xa0That's probably why we got got - not enough business.Come back to us, Megabus! \xa0:(", 'stars': '5.0'}
{'review': "I needed a last minute ride from SF to LA and didn't want to pay the $150 for airfare. \xa0I was able to book a reservation on the mega bus 15 minutes before the bus left and it only cost me $35. \xa0If \xa0i was the sort of person to plan my life ahead at least 3 weeks I could have been on the bus for $15!The bus was clean, the driver friendly, and there weren't any crackheads like you see on the greyhound. \xa0My only complaint, the bus driver took the scenic route along the embarcadaro and then through downtown to get on the bridge. \xa0Freaking 45 minutes from caltrain station until we first go on the bridge. \xa0That should have only taken 15 minutes max.", 'stars': '4.0'}
{'review': 'The ride was smooth. The drivers were pretty decent and nice. Having the paper and getting on the bus was easy and fast. With the price and the comfort level (not bad at all) I would totally do it again. A lot of people have tired MegaBus and it is a great service. You normally have about 20 or less people within the same ride. Not a lot of people to get the bus crowded but good enough. The bus is clean, the seats are clean, the bathroom in the back is really clean too. Thumbs up!', 'stars': '4.0'}
{'review': 'My mom just took Megabus from LA to Oakland last weekend and I am sharing her experiences with Yelp.First of all, Megabus is great. We really needed an affordable and non-scrungy way to get between LA and the Bay Area and this is it.It takes around 6-1/2 hours each way and the buses are clean, and the customers are nice and decent people -- no freaks, tweakers or smelly weirdos.The downside is -- it\'s very new and so they are still ironing out the kinks. \xa0Her bus up here from LA was delayed an hour because the original driver "had a panic attack at the thought of driving the bus in San Francisco traffic," according to the replacement driver.Also the signs at the drop-off points at Union Station (LA) and West Oakland BART are very tiny and impossible to see.Finally, the seats are nice but they are packed tightly together. My mom is 5\'10" and she says she was definitely cramped. The bus wasn\'t full and so it wasn\'t bad, but if and when the buses fill up it might be a problem.Bottom line -- YES we love Megabus and we plan to become loyal customers. Check it out!', 'stars': '4.0'}
{'review': "Megabus is back as of 2013!!!! Yay!!!Megabus cancels all California service effective June 22, 2008!!!! \xa0They tout low ridership as the reason. I say, look at how long it took for the BART extension to SFO to get popular, like 2 or 3 years. \xa0This is a total bummer. \xa0It was a phenomenal service for the price and we know it would've been popular between San Francisco and LA, if given the proper amount of time to take off, especially considering gas is now over $4. \xa0:o(", 'stars': '4.0'}
{'review': 'SF to Los Angeles. Bus driver very friendly but the megabus staff at Caltrain Station in San Francisco was *really* difficult. Quick tips: Make sure to buy your tickets online beforehand, or the price more than doubles within 20 minutes of departure. \xa0If you have an extra bag to put in cargo, buy an extra ticket beforehand as well. \xa0Make sure your bag weighs less than 50, or the SF staff will try to charge you an extra $40... for literally no reason-- you walk your bag to the bus and someone slides it into the cargo area. \xa0Don\'t expect them to help you out at the station in SF. \xa0Guy is just rude. I brought an extra bag and was asked to pay three times the price of a ticket online for an extra ticket to allow me an extra bag. I asked if I could pay what I had paid 10 minutes prior online for an extra ticket (per megabus website--- which also says charging you for an extra bag is up to discretion of driver/staff... thanks), and he responded with "good luck buying a ticket for the online price in the one minute before our computers close." \xa0He could have told me in the 5 minutes we had been talking about all the options I DIDN\'T have... in a nutshell he almost talked me out of taking the bus. \xa0He actually DID talk another man out of taking the bus who accidentally bought his ticket for the wrong time even though he HAD to travel then. \xa0The change fee is 50cents online. \xa05 dollars in person. \xa0Could have made it so easy with a little courtesy. \xa0Keep in mind this double decker bus was FAR from full. \xa0The staff in Los Angeles was very helpful, but man, the guys in SF were difficult.', 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "Yep, I'm a fan but a few reservations, no pun intended. Going to Reno on July 8th was no problem since they had 3/three employees helping with the luggage and boarding. I would suggest an earlier departure time. The 4:30pm goes across the bridge during the very heart of the commute. Boy, that was slow going. Returning on the 11th I encountered utter chaos at the boarding in Reno. Poor Wendy, the driver had to do everything! She is a tiny woman too. Some of the bags I would have trouble lifting. No line behavior for boarding here, everyone just crowded in and shoved their tickets under Wendy's nose. No surprise but I seen 3 Asians just climb on board w/o bothering to stand in the line or confirm their tickets. No surprise, since I am Asian, I've see this rude behavior by my ethnic citizens all the time everywhere they go. The scheduled departure is 3:10pm but we didn't leave till 3:50. Megabus needs to improve this aspect in Reno. I don't know if this occurs sysytemwide but for me, it sucks. Otherwise, I will ride this low cost, new buses again.", 'stars': '4.0'}
{'review': 'Megabus is fantastic for a variety or reasons, one of which I may be destroying by reviewing it here. It\'s a fairly new busline so the busses are impeccably neat and barely anyone knows about it, practically ensuring your own seat whenever you go for a ride. Granted, I tend to take the bus to LA during odd times (lots of overnights and usually during the week, which the last bus driver had pointed out was "when bums travel") but I\'m certain that taking the megabus is a far better choice than taking the greyhound. Pros: super cheap tickets (if you buy 3 weeks ahead, a one way ticket to LA is usually just $10, and the most expensive I\'ve ever seen is $36 for a ticket I bought 2 hours before departure), it\'s fast (they take I-5, and it\'s never taken more than 6 and a half hours), clean, and so much easier than putting billions of miles on your own car or dealing with potential crazies through the craigslist rideshare (which, yes, I have had great experiences and horrible experiences with). \xa0They also go to a bunch of other places besides LA, so just check on the website. Oh, and btw, it\'s much better to be ON the bus with the creepy conductor with dilated pupils painted on the back then to be driving BEHIND the bus with the creepy conductor staring down at you. Cons: you can only bring one piece of luggage, but thankfully I have the mother of all suitcases that can actually hold my sewing mannequin as well as a quantity of merchandise inside, and they\'re not picky about you bringing reasonably sized carry-on bags in addition to purses, laptop cases, and the occasional medium-sized dog smuggled in some blankets by some haight-street hippies once. That trip was particularly sparsely populated and there was something so 90\'s sitcom about how these two kids tried to cover the sounds of their dog whining and barking with fake coughing. Awesome! The other few cons are that the bus is kind of freezing cold if you take it overnight, and it\'s always more crowded coming from LA then going to. Oh, and some total jerk lady complained about a cartoon being played on the movie screens during one of the trips so the company has forever banned using the screens. But I guess that\'s more of a con about that jerk lady than about megabus. Anyway. Take the bus. It\'s good for the bottle, it\'s good for the can.', 'stars': '5.0'}
{'review': "Being in a long distance relationship, bus rides are long and often. For approximately a year and a half now, I have been riding Greyhound Bus Lines, and there was not a time when I could say I was satisfied with the rides (just a note that I've ridden on at least 25 different Greyhound buses). I recently discovered Megabus, and I cannot be happier. I have only been a customer of Megabus for a short period of time, but the service is excellent (I even told the first driver that I appreciated his attitude and that not a single driver from Greyhound was as good as him), the fares are cheap (the prices are less than half the Greyhound prices, and that's considering that I look for Greyhound deals almost every time I travel), the rides were pleasant (faster than Greyhound), and the buses were clean. I cannot recommend Megabus more.", 'stars': '5.0'}
{'review': "Reliable and comfortable alternative to Greyhound. \xa0Even Amtrak for that matter.My round trip SF-LA ticket cost only $35; travelers who plan ahead can get even cheaper fares. \xa0To and from Los Angeles, I and most other passengers sat next to empty seats.The SF to LA route usually includes a stop either in San Jose or Oakland, as well as a rest stop somewhere in the Central Valley.On-time performance was reasonable. \xa0It's a seven hour trip. \xa0The bus from L.A. didn't arrive to pick up passengers until a half hour past scheduled departure. \xa0It was mildly frustrating not to have a means to obtain information about its whereabouts. \xa0I think the toll-free number is only good for making reservations.I plan to use Megabus again.", 'stars': '4.0'}
{'review': 'Apparently, they have ended service in CA. \xa0The driver mentioned something about that on my last trip but I took it as just a rumor. \xa0Oh well, it was great while it lasted.', 'stars': '5.0'}
{'review': 'Come back, Megabus... \xa0You were my therapeutic last-minute get away, without having to give up any of my limbs for the price of spontaneity.', 'stars': '5.0'}
{'review': "The bus driver was extremely rude. \xa0He let me standing outside of the bus for 15 mins after I accidentally give him the wrong confirmation number. \xa0And he did not even had any remorse after that. \xa0What kind of employee would do that to a customer? \xa0If it wasn't for my friends who already aboard the bus, I would just tear up that ticket and headed back to my house.Besides that, the seats were extremely uncomfortable. \xa0I am a 6 ft tall, and found myself to be seated in a seat which was designed for people who're 5 ft or shorter.The bus driver totally ruined my trip. \xa0They'd have to pay me in order for me to take that bus again and I would still refuse it. \xa0Megabus has the worst customer service with the most uncomfortable seats. \xa0I would never take Megabus again. Never! \xa0Overall Grade: F", 'stars': '5.0'}
{'review': "even last minute bus tickets are cheap. the bus drivers are friendly, reliable, and nice, and so were the passengers. i'm wondering why the megabus doesn't have the usual horror story passengers that the greyhound does... mostly students & travellers, and even on a relatively busy route (sunday afternoon) everyone had 2 seats to themselves. the buses are surprisingly clean too. as the other two have mentioned, it's a little tricky finding the bus stations, but if you ask around union station, they'll tell you.", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "It had a different feel to it than the other services I've tried. Amtrak offers a smooth ride for retired folks who can afford to piss the money. When I rode Greyhound once (2005), the buses were filthy, we were treated like trash, and it was impossible to rest due to the loud announcements every half hour. And everyone knows how frustrating an airport can be--waiting in line to get your boarding pass only to be bumped to the next flight because they assume you'll take over 20 minutes taking your shoes off and disposing of your liquids at security. Megabus was better in all respects. First, I bought my ticket online, not at a shady window at some dilapidated shelter. Maybe it was just the time of year when people are getting out of school, but the population was younger and there were several SoCal-Bay Area couples from college. Without Megabus, LA is much farther from San Francisco. I could sleep on the bus decently and I woke fairly rested in the center of the new city. Although I'm only used in once, I'm very disappointed that Megabus is disappearing rather than expanding throughout California.", 'stars': '5.0'}
