{'review': '*Excellent customer service as usual*Clear announcements*Professional drivers10/20/2017. 7:45 am to BaltimoreFemale Driver10/20/2017 6:15pm to New York CityMale Driver', 'stars': '5', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': 'y\'all.i am OFFICIALLY DONE.after 8 years riding Bolt, I\'m done, done DONE. never again.i\'ve had multiple Bolt rides over the years, several times a year back and forth from NY to MD and back again. this last time takes the gotdern cake. and i\'ve had many issues, including being broken down and stranded on the side of the road for 2.5 hours, no heat, no AC, no wifi, no outlet power, buses being hours late...but this time. a few days before my ride back to NYC, i got an email that bus would leave an hour late. strange, had never gotten and email like this. so the morning i was supposed to depart, i called Bolt to make sure the email was accurate. customer service confirmed that yes, bus would leave an hour late.so. i arrived 20 mins early, no bus. 20 mins later, no bus. it was POURING this day, so we were all getting wet.once bus was 10 mins late, we called Bolt. we were put on hold three times and received information that our bus was CANCELLED. much to our surprise, as we\'d gotten no notice. (there were 10 of us waiting..)we asked when there would be a bus arriving to pick us up and take us home, and she said she "didn\'t know". couldn\'t tell us. i found this unacceptable, so asked her to call someone to find out. the call got disconnected.called again. she said next bus would arrive in 30 mins. at that time, a bolt bus pulled up and parked far away in the lot, mocking us. i asked her if this could be our bus. she couldn\'t tell me. then she said, maybe it is. so we waited. finally, someone walked all the way across the lot to ask driver, he said, no, he was scheduled to leave in over an hour.mind you, it\'s still pouring. we are all wet and shivering at this point.the driver sees this.looooong story short, we stood outside from 3:30-5:15pm in the rain, no official email or notice or apology, and that driver sure did sit out there on that dry bus and stare at us in the rain until it was time for him to leave.our original bus time, 2:30, would\'ve landed us in NYC around 7pm. didn\'t get in until around 10:30pm.i\'ll try Best Bus next.', 'stars': '1', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': 'You get what you pay for. The service is basically non-existent, and once in a while you\'ll have a super surly driver or the person checking your ticket is having a bad day, but most of the time the people you interact with are bearable. As someone who at one point took this bus twice daily between NYC and PHL, I have to say they rarely run into issues. Just remember they\'re at the mercy of commuter traffic and have schedules to stick to. That means if your bus is late, but the next schedule is on time, you\'ll unfortunately have to wait for your bus. Also, the wifi basically never works, probably because 50 people are trying to stream music and videos at the same time!Riders, a few pieces of advice:- Know your boarding group (A, B or C). When B and C tickets crowd the front door, it makes the process longer and even more arduous.- Omg for the love of God just make a line!! Crowding the door, once again, makes the boarding process sooo much longer.- Sign up for an account! Their loyalty program is great If you take the bus often (you earn 1 free trip per every 10). When I use my account I also always get an "A" ticket, regardless of how little in advance I book my trip.- If you miss your bus, your ticket is valid on any other buses running the same route that day. Make sure you get in the standby line ASAP if you want to make the next bus.- That being said, standby passengers board 5 minutes before the bus leaves, so even if you have a ticket and you arrive after that, your seat is likely to be given away.Like I said, this is budget travel, so while you get what you pay for, it could be much worse!', 'stars': '3', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': 'There are plenty of ways to improve customer service. However, BoltBus is not a forward-moving company. I understand that it takes permits to use a bus stop, but the company needs to invest more money in line organization and helpful employees. There need to be lines roped off so that people can line up or else it is a free-for-all.My sister and I got to the stop 45 minutes early and we were the third ones there, so we thought that we would get good seats. When the bus finally arrived, people started cutting us and pushing past us. The bus driver said nothing even though he saw us up front. We ended up having to sit separately on the bus. Do not support BoltBus...', 'stars': '1', 'usefull_likes': '2'}
{'review': 'This is my first time trying out BoltBus. My first impressions are as follow:Waiting for the bus:we got out of our cab and examined the scenery for a little bit. We were confused with the lack of line organization. The only visible indicator that we were actually on the line were the signs that were posted which showed our destination and several line dividers. As more passengers arrived It became clear that there was no line and people were just standing as close as possible to the bus door.Bus arrival:Bus was scheduled for departure at 12:30 instead it didn\'t even arrive until 12:50 PM(we departed at 1PM, 30 mins late.).Boarding:My first impression of this was also bad, as again there was no real organization. They just called up "Group A", "Group B and C", and everyone just kinda huddled by the bus trying to get in regardless of the group.Tech & Seating Experience:Wi-Fi: FAILChairs: DECENTCup Holders: FAIL (don\'t know who thought of elastic cup holders, but they fail) Overhead Air: FAIL (it wasn\'t blowing any air, and yes I opened it up for air flow)Riding Experience: Bus smelled like pee the entire time. There was a guy sitting to the seat directly behind the bus driver(well to his right, the first seat by the door) and his cell phone kept going off, at full volume and for some reason this guy didn\'t know how to lower it, or answer/deny the call despite the nice fellow beside him trying to tell him(repeatedly throughout the first hour or so) to press the green button to answer the call. The bus driver asked him to lower the phone several times but he never did (not that I think he knew how, but the guy seemed to not even notice his own phone ringing so who knows), the phone just would go off every 10-20 mins which became irritating. Within 2 hours of departure I noticed the driver getting agitated by the phone & glancing back at the guy.Bathroom Experience:I went to the bathroom before we even departed, I was second in line and by the time I got in there the toilet bowl was visibly full from the trip it had made just before. This is what(I\'m assuming) contributed to the awful smell.Driver Experience:Nothing bad, nothing good. The only thing I picked up was his agitation from the ringing phone, but that\'s not really his fault nor a bad thing towards him.-1 Star for the bus being late.-1 Star for disorganization-1 Star for the bathroom and smell-1 Star for the Shitty Cup holders, Wi-Fi and the ringing phone.', 'stars': '1', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "Currently sitting in a boltbus from NYC to DC, and it came on time (great start). BUT then as I entered the bus, everything fell apart. The leg room is horrible. Well i guess people move their seats forward and backward because some has okay leg room and some are just torturing to endure. Wifi is basically non-existent (oh, it's there but once you're connected, my phone just stopped loading stuff). The ac is not really working because it feels warm in this small space. I can smell the restroom from the fourth row before it. And the driver just doesn't care and is pretty rude in responding us. So i don't recommend it. It's pretty cheap though, so if you dont mind having 0% comfort for paying less money, then go for it.", 'stars': '1', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "There's no actual brick and mortar establishment for you to actually wait in; you just stand on the street corner, like a common hooker, and wait to be picked up. \xa0I've gotten used to it after the 7+ years of using busin services from either Bolt or the other guys (MegaBus), but I still get a kick out of seeing the looks of bewilderment from the newbie passengers asking everybody where to go.Aside from those days with particularly inclement weather (I'm talking subzero temperatures, boiling lava hot summer days, and torrential rainfall), waiting outside isn't too bad a deal. \xa0If it keeps my ticket prices low, then I don't mind that there isn't an official bus depot to actually wait it out. \xa0And, for the most part, the buses for Bolt (unlike its across-the-street competitor) are quite punctual, both in their arrivals and departures.The buses themselves are roomy enough to fit my 5'8 frame relatively comfortably... as I am actually able to get a decent amount of sleep on my travels from the stop by the Javits Center to the stop in Philadelphia (my most common destination when using this bus). \xa0Additionally, aside from holidays, it's quite easy to get some better priced tickets when using these buses; if you have a trip planned out, I highly recommend purchasing your ticket as soon as possible, in order to get the best rates. \xa0And if you're lucky, you may just end up with the $1 ticket (they do exist, and I have been lucky enough to end up with the $1 ticket on more than one occasion). \xa0And I recommend against buying a ticket in advanced if it's above $15... you will be able to buy standby tickets for $15 (you should be able to get on... though I would recommend that if you use this route, that you be at the bus, in the standby line, at least a half hour prior to departure).", 'stars': '1', 'usefull_likes': '3'}
{'review': "If I could give 0, I would! First of all, when I booked my trip on 9/1 to leave on 9/2 at 2:45 and return on 9/4 at 5:00, I never noticed that my return trip ticket was for 9/2! Who does that...arrive in Philly at 4:45-ish and turn right around and get on a 5:00 bus, going back to NYC? Really, Bolt Bus? Your website should at least, prompt as to whether you're sure these are your dates. I usually take Mega Bus, but Bolt Bus was more economical on the return, but since i ended-up on stand-by for the 6:00 bus and having to pay an additional $15, I could have/should have paid Mega $29!The trip down and the trip back was fine, except the outlet didn't work on the trip down.The only person who was slightly polite was the woman who told me that I could pay $15 cash (no cards) and catch the next bus, if there was room. Thank God there was room for me, after having to go into Philly Penn and finding an ATM that was not my bank's! The way I see it, Bolt Bus owes me $21 ($15 for the ticket + $6 in bank charges). I know I'll never get it, but thought I'd put it out there. The moral of this story is that every bargain, isn't a bargain!I'll stick with Mega Bus, from now on!", 'stars': '3', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': 'I really dislike taking Boltbus. I am going from New York home right now. The seats are narrow and uncomfortable. I keep getting bumped by my hubby, even though he is trying to stay within his seat range. Forget sleeping...to cramped and seat is not comfortable I feel like a sardine.', 'stars': '1', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': 'An absolutely awful, dangerously overheated ride on 5/19. We waited for an hour past the time we were scheduled to leave so that we could have a bus with A/C, we were informed, "so that we wouldn\'t sue Bolt". Prophetic? Remains to be seen.When we boarded our bus, we did in fact have A/C (although no Wi/Fi) for the first hour or two, but a short while later the bus had to stop multiple times due to an overheating engine. We were told there was some sort of fluid leak in the engine, possibly coolant. We were never offered the option of getting off the steaming hot bus to get some fresh air. The A/C was clearly broken and there was hot air pumping into the bus thru the vents for hours while it was already over 90deg outside, leading to many passengers turning red and feeling ill, *especially* those who were in the sun the whole time, since Bolt also does not offer the option of either opening a window or pulling down a shade. It was definitely above 90deg at the back of the bus where I was sitting, since the engine right behind us was pumping out heat constantly in addition to warm air from the vents. When we got off the bus ~3pm, 91deg outside felt significantly cooler. I would not be surprised if some of the passengers ended up with heat stroke. I myself felt nauseated and disoriented for the rest of the day. We arrived at least 2hrs after our originally scheduled time, and I\'m somewhat surprised we made it at all. The amalgamated bus companies of Greyhound, Coach, Yo!, and Bolt forced the smaller Chinatown bus companies out of business due to similar bus safety issues. If they are going to charge 2 and 3X what they ever did for tickets, the least this monopoly can do is offer safe service. These busses are clearly in such a state of disrepair that they are barely able to function safely. Amenities they advertise on the front page of their website and on Wikipedia are generally a lie. This is obvious false advertising, but I have not bothered to complain in general because I did not actually feel unsafe until this last ride. If there were anyone out there seeking a class action lawsuit against this company I feel I might just jump on board, just saying...', 'stars': '2', 'usefull_likes': '2'}
{'review': "I've taken Bolt Bus numerous times between NYC, DC, Boston and Philly. The tickets are relatively cheap and I've never had an issue with a bus driver or bus breakdown (knock on wood). My only complaints are that the pickup location by the Javits Center can become chaotic, especially when there are a lot of people and no clear direction from the staff. Also the outlets on the buses sometimes don't work, but besides that it a cheap way to get out of town (especially if you don't want to pay for Amtrak).", 'stars': '1', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': 'BEWARE BEWARE BEWARE. DO NOT USE BOLT.I booked a trip to Boston from NYC, to catch a flight the same day. I called to confirm the night before and was told the bus was cancelled. They had NOT notified me by email of this cancellation. Had I not called to confirm this trip that was already booked and confirmed, I would have shown up at the bus stop and been without a bus and probably have missed my plane in Boston. When they transferred me to another number, to change to an earlier bus, they demanded full fare for the change. For a trip BOLT had cancelled, again, without ANY notification. DO NOT USE BOLT. BEWARE. Seriously. Beware', 'stars': '3', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "A very good service for a very reasonable price!First time traveling through bus and I couldn't be happier. So, I was traveling for the day to DC and buying an Amtrak ticket seemed like way too much for just a few hours in Washington so I decided to risk it with Boltbus and what a win!Anyway, finding the bus on nyc might be a little tricky since it's in the harbors but once you get to the place that buses are labeled to show where they're headed. So first trip we had a lady driver, she was all good. We left 6:30 in the dot, very punctual which is appreciated and she made a rest stop in Maryland.Trip back we had an amazing driver, called Ty I believe. He was just very informative and nice. We left 6:35 pm from DC because he said he liked to wait for a couple minutes in case someone was running late and told us to be understanding since we might find ourselves in that situation one day. I thought it was very thoughtful of him.Made another pit stop at Delaware on the way back and can I just say that I was totally amazed at how clean the bathrooms on both buses were? I was kinda shocked, tbh.Also driver makes a stop at Grand St and 6th Avenue for all of us who live closer to Brooklyn which is just amazing.Anyway, 5/5 obviously. Not traveling with anyone else from now on!", 'stars': '1', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "SHOCKED!!! THANKS FOR OVER BOOKING AND FUCKING ME OVER \xa0BOLT! SECOND AND LAST TIME!Bought my ticket for Saturday Sept 16 from NYC to Boston the last week of August. \xa0Just received this in my email. Ladies and Gentlemen:Due to Boltbus operational issues, your scheduled 8:00 am departure from New Yorkto Boston on Saturday(9/16), will be delayed 1 hour. \xa0Your bus will depart at 9:00am. \xa0We apologize for the inconvenience.Boltbus Customer ServiceThis is Wednesday...and they bumped us for Saturday. I wont go into how much this inconveniences me both financially and personally but I will say that my return bus departs at 5:30 and that extra hour was necessary. THE FIRST TIME this happened I thought....I didn't buy my ticket early enough \xa0and this is a busy time of year....but this time it's pretty clear that they over sell and then bump people. BUYER BE WARNED: These tickets aren't cheap and they over book and then claim operational issues. \xa0AKA Poor Business PracticesThe worst part is I can't get in touch with anyone to either get a refund or at least get a ticket with the correct time and date on it - so when I go all the downtown to get the bus I don't have any problems.Poorly run/ Poorly managed and Ethically Questionable Business Practices", 'stars': '5', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': 'I selected my travel dates and their stupid website put them back on the same day and now I have to pay a rebooking fee. This will be the first and last time I travel with them. Megabus is the same price and much better service.', 'stars': '1', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "Bus isnt in great shape or condition. Seat was broken, power outlets didn't work for the whole bus. For route from DC to NY, try OurBus. Better bus, everything works..", 'stars': '2', 'usefull_likes': '4'}
{'review': 'Customer Service: Very poor. I travel roundtrip from NY to DC at least 2x/month. I was on standby for this morning\'s 9:30AM bus from NY to DC. It was 30 degrees outside. The Bolt Bus staff was nowhere to be found. No one was there to greet or answer customer questions. Where were they? Huddled up warm inside the bus talking to each other for 30 minutes, while customers were outside cold & confused not sure what bus to board. At least Mega Bus has staff outside directing people to the right bus lines and answering questions. But what pushed me to write a negative Yelp review: The bus driver. Bus #0836.This bus has over 60 seats. It was 9:20AM on a WEDNESDAY, with only 5 people onboard. It was practically EMPTY, with obvious space for me to board. I was freezing, but would the driver let me get on? No. When I asked her why not she yelled back with a nasty attitude, "Rules are rules! Standby\'s can only board 5 minutes before departure time. Not one minute before. I\'m not bending the rules for you or anyone else!" \xa0 Why yell at me? I asked to board again at 9:24AM. Nope, she still wouldn\'t let me get on the bus. Meanwhile, another customer asked her a question about a bus to Boston. When the customer walked away she told the other Bolt staff, "That\'s not my problem." Long story short... Rude. Rude. Rude. When I finally boarded, we left with about 10 people on the bus. I recommend taking Vamoose Bus. Great customer service! Always departs on time. Staff is very friendly.PS. There was ONE really sweet Bolt Bus employee who managed the check-in. She tried to get me on the bus earlier, but the bus driver kept yelling at her not to let me on. I\'m not sure what you\'re name is, but thank you for trying.', 'stars': '2', 'usefull_likes': '4'}
{'review': "- No wifi- Outlet did NOT work- Hot AFWhen I say there's no wifi, I'm not talking about those free public wifi that everyone uses so it takes forever or not at all load a page. I'm talking about there is actually no wifi: when you go to setting and no available wifi showing up. I guess that qualifies to make them a SCAM?OK I wouldn't have complained if I had pay so cheap like 15 or 20 dollars for my trip, you pay what you get right? They actually cost just as much as if I were to go with Greyhound or Megabus.Never travel with them again. Byeeeee", 'stars': '2', 'usefull_likes': '2'}
{'review': 'If I was allowed the option to give BoltBus zero stars I would. Not only did the bus come an hour late, the employees were extremely rude and disrespectful! The drivers went as far as to put their hands on the passengers to "straighten them into a respectable line". After waiting over an hour for the bus to finally come, the company realized that they overbooked the bus and refused service to multiple individuals (including myself) who had bought their tickets prior to our arrival to the bus stop. Since our bus was the last one of the night, they gave us the option to pay an additional fee to take a bus from New York to Boston the next day! AVOID BOLTBUS! Employees like Alexander (the customer service representative from 26th street and 11th avenue) heavily contribute to the terrible customer service that is provided by this company. Although their prices may seem low, you truly get what you pay for when dealing with Bolt.', 'stars': '1', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': 'A Letter to Bolt Bus:Dear Bolt Bus,I am sitting on the 5:30 Bolt Bus from NYC to D.C. and I\'m writing because there is a overwhelming smell of urine. This is not only unpleasant but unsanitary. To pay close to $40 for a transportation service and have it contain lingering traces of a bodily fluid is disgusting and unacceptable. When I and other customers addressed our concern to the driver, she was rude and unhelpful claiming, "there was nothing she could do but put me on the 6:30." When I asked if they could switch the bus, she abruptly dismissed my request due to the traffic and suggested I call customer service. The customer service agent then directed me to email you with my complaint. Do you \xa0realize how asinine this policy is? To have a customer service agent on the phone who cannot do anything but tell the customer to email customer service is inconvenient and pathetic. It is a complete waste of your customer\'s time and an absurd request; customer service is intended to serve people, not make them jump through multiple hoops. Every single person on this bus should get a full refund for their travel. Most of us do not have the luxury of getting off of this bus and waiting for a later one. A persons time is highly valuable and asking someone to delay their trip on behalf of your company\'s incompetence and bad business practices is deplorable. I can assure you that I and many other customers sitting on this bus will never be using your services again. Furthermore, I sincerely hope other potential customers steer clear of your services given how terrible they are.', 'stars': '1', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "So if you take the bolt bus between Boston to New York they stop at this really dirty Burger King as they feed the drivers for free - it is slow and adds substantial time to the journey - the Burger King only has one toilet in the men's which I assume is the same for the women's so there is a big delay - my bus was already running 2 hours late and this added 30 minutes making it 2.5 hours late - Peter Pan - megabus - greyhound etc... don't pull this so I won't be taking bolt bus again -", 'stars': '1', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "BoltBus is a pretty solid method of transportation from NYC to Boston! I really liked the pickup spot (1st Ave between 38th & 39th), which is way better in my opinion than at Penn Station or at any other transit stop. Sometimes too overwhelming, especially when you are rushing to find your bus after being stuck in traffic.I left NYC on a Saturday at noon and left Boston the following Monday at 5pm. He was right on time on Saturday, the A/C was on blast and he made a pit stop at Burger King. He was pretty cool, gave us time to eat and stretch our legs, and we went on to Boston.On the way back (same guy) he was late by an hour but that happens with buses. We made a stop to the same Burger King (I am starting to think they have a partnership with that location or something), and we had time to stretch and eat, and I made it back to NYC before midnight.Buses are sometimes late. There is always traffic on the interstate. But for $33 roundtrip, I can't complain about their service. I wish I could complain somewhere about the old lady who sat behind me and farted for the second leg of the trip :P But I will be using Bolt Bus again!", 'stars': '5', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "Where to begin. The seating system made no sense. Driver was very unhelpful & it wasn't clear who was supposed to board when, or whether we had assigned seats.Once aboard, we had to sit in the last row. My seat was literally broken: one side was sinking into the floor & I had to prop it up w/ my bag.Driver either chose not to use the intercom or it was broken. Instead, he shouted his announcements. Completely incomprehensible.The woman in front of us sang loudly & offkey, made obnoxious phone calls, & played her iPad w/out hphones. I asked her to stop several times & she responded w/ yelling. Driver did nothing.The drive was uncomfortable. Wifi didn't work. It was too hot. Plug was jangly. Tickets said we would arrive by 6; we arrived at 8. Nothing about this trip was good. So horrendous we bought train tickets back, for about 5x the price, so's to avoid returning w/ BoltBus. DO. NOT. RIDE.", 'stars': '1', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "Worst bus ride ever. Took DC to NY bus. Filthy. Promised wifi and electric outlets didn't worn. Overhead lights didn't work. But the best part was when the driver got so lost he ended up pulling into and turning around in a random parking lot. One of the passengers had to guide him back to the highway. We were so late getting into Manhattan that he skipped the first (my) stop in Lower Manhattan altogether and just dropped us off in midtown, one hour and 45 minutes late. Never again.", 'stars': '1', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "Riding this \xa0chicken coup with no Wi-Fi and no working outlets from Boston to New York set me back to my days traveling in rural Brazil on Saritur bus company except this time I didn't have red dirt flying on my face through windows .The bus driver got his meal at burger king and tried to rush the passengers at rest area not cool .", 'stars': '1', 'usefull_likes': '4'}
{'review': "I just had a horrible experience with Bolt, 6/27/17. I took the Bolt bus from Boston to NYC and my bus broke down about 20 mins from Hartford. The bus driver tried everything he could, but unfortunately we all ended up having to get out in the middle of the street on a busy intersection. He then told us that there will be a new Bolt Bus coming but only some of us would be able to fit on. He didn't know when it would arrive or what would happen to those of us who couldn't fit. I ended up taking an Uber to Hartford and catching a new bus there (not Bolt). I am hoping to get a refund on this.", 'stars': '1', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': 'I have been on two BoltBus trips (NYC to Boston and NYC to Philly) and they have been quite pleasant and enjoyable! The bus to Philly picks up at 6th Ave between Watts and Grant St in SoHo. Both times I have been on this carrier, we have departed on time and have arrived around on schedule, which great! The seats are spacious and comfortable and each seat as its own charging outlet.', 'stars': '4', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "NY subways cause me to be only 5 minutes early. It was raining and i was trying to get home for mothers day. I ran up soaked and told them i had a ticket and they said get in the back of their line. They ended up selling my spot to someone else and told me it was procedure. Didn't apologize or show sympathy. Then they told me to wait for the next bus. Which was 3 hours later IN THE RAIN. then i called and asked for a refund. They started talking about procedure and flat out say no. Ive been using them for years and years to go from new york to cherry hill to see family. Never again. Plus their wifi sucks.", 'stars': '1', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "You get what you pay for as I would like to say. We paid $135 for a roundtrip for 2 to Boston from New York. Personally, I think that's a great deal when flights from NY to Boston were at $400 roundtrip PER PERSON! I would have liked ( and being as though I have never taken the Bolt Bus) I thought there would be a lot more leg room on the buses which there were not. Also, when we got on the bus no one even checked to make sure that we had a physical or even a mobile ticket (maybe they trust their customers that much?). But I mean hey I can't complain when you're getting a great deal and it's only about a 4 hour ride. A major plus for me was the free wifi and that's how I'm able to write my review right now, haha. All in all, I would take the Bolt Bus again. Now, I have at least another two hours left to get to Boston and it would be really nice if the driver would maybe make a pit stop at a service station or something ( I AM STARVING).I'm keeping my funny comment but about 20 minutes after I posted the above paragraph we stopped for food. HURRAY for Bolt Bus.", 'stars': '4', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': 'I was counting on wifi to do work and there was none. There was also no outlets or extra legroom as advertised on the front page of their website. When I contacted customer service they said wifi is not guaranteed as stated in their terms. Then why put it on the front page? I will never ride them again. Go bus is much better, have never had trouble with wifi and they always have outlets and give free water.', 'stars': '1', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "Took two Bolt rides, one from NYC to Philly and the other one back, both pretty spacious. Bathrooms in both were in good service, clean. There's not much to say about a bus ride, other than the wait sometimes at the line, pretty organized with the A B C seating. Get your tickets as soon as possible and sign up for the membership to get free rewards and perks. The pricing of my rides weren't that bad, I got the first ticket at 11$ and the other at 17 because I was a bit too late. There was ample leg room and was able to catch a lot of Zs on the ride. The wifi was shaky at times but they do offer free movies on their website where they tell you the wifi network. The drivers can be very animated or very lethargic, depends on who's who, but I really do appreciate a driver who's really awake at certain times of the day when I'm dead. The bus may have one or two extra stops towards your location and usually it isn't crowded. The next time I head to Philly, I'll look forward to taking a Bolt Bus.", 'stars': '4', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': 'ugh. I\'ve finally warmed up enough to do something other than sit and try and warm up. My bus which was supposed to leave at 2 was canceled. I didn\'t find out until it was clearly late and I checked my email to see that it was canceled and I was supposed to go get picked up at a different stop. I called customer service to be like what the fuck and the lady was like, we sent an email for hours ago and a text (I did not get a text). I asked her what I was supposed to do now, it was well past 2 and she said the bus was leaving at 3:30 and I had plenty of time to get there. The 3:45 bus to Baltimore came and he was like, DC? I don\'t know nothing about that. There were like a hundred of us. Those of us who got canceled on had plenty of communication issues. One woman got a text that said 6th st location canceled new location 6th. Everyone knew that the reason for canceling the bus--that the road was closed to traffic--was wrong because we were just there. Most of us did not get a text. When the bus to DC finally came the bus driver turned me away because my ticket said 2:00.I called customer service again and this person kept asking if I had bought a ticket and then finally she transferred me to someone else because she said she didn\'t know what to do. That guy said a bus was coming at 4 to pick me up. And I was like, that\'s what I was told about the last bus and that guy turned me away. And he was like, he just didn\'t know what was going on. This guy knows what\'s going on. I was like, how am I supposed to trust you because you\'ve given me no indication of communication skills or trustworthiness and then he started spouting bullshit and I hung up on him.When the next bus came, that bus driver turned me away because my ticket said 2:00 PM on it. I explained to him what happened and he gave me some really shitty three-year-old shit about how ain\'t nobody told him. I was not surprised that that total bullshit the last guy had been feeding me was total bullshit and I called customer service again, and this time this operator couldn\'t hear my reservation number right no matter how many times I said "B as in boy" he kept saying C. Finally the bus driver let me as one of the last people. I was chilled to the bone from waiting outside in the drizzle for over two hours and my feet are still wet.Every communication from this company was either inaccurate, incorrect, incompetent, dishonest, disrespectful, or some combination thereof. And I had to communicate with them a lot today.', 'stars': '1', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "Worst bus experience ever. The bus from New York City to Boston is really old and damaged. The handle is all broken. The customer service has an attitude and does not solve any problems. The bus is not following the seats on the tickets and also not first-come-first-serve. The group is based on some 'secret' tip that you need to register an account on their site to be first boarded.", 'stars': '1', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "The BoltBus has become my favorite way of traveling to NYC. The bus leaves from Union Station in DC and arrives about 4 hours later near Penn Station. The return trip reverses the stops. It is almost as fast as other alternatives and costs a fraction of other means' costs. The bus has electric outlets and WiFi although the WiFi has been sporadic and not very fast. The bus has a restroom. Depending on the driver, the bus occasionally will stop at one of the rest areas on the Delaware Turnpike. The seats are not luxurious but tolerable for the 4 hour trip. Seat selection is prioritized based on group assignments established when the seats are purchased. I recommend BoltBus.", 'stars': '4', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "What is a better way to travel from New York to DC for 15 dollars?! I was afraid when I first booked my ticket that there would be a chance that my trip is going to be tedious due to bad comments I have read on yelp. But I didn't want to book a plane ticket when DC is fairly close to New York and I decided to give it a try. AND I AM VERY GLAD I DID! I don't know if it's because it was on a tuesday but when I got to the bus stop 15 mins prior to the departure, there was barely anyone waiting. Bus led people in early so I pretty much got into the bus right after I got to the bus stop (Thank god, it was freezing!). I scored the first front seat with more leg space and guess what? THERE WAS NO ONE SITTING NEXT TO ME! Hooray for no awkward sitting! Bus is pretty clean and plug ins work just fine to charge your phone or your laptop. Bus was on schedule and got to DC on time. Overall, it was a great experience and I would definitely use Bolt Bus again! Thank you guys!", 'stars': '5', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': 'Boston -- NYC review:The bus pulled in at 10:50am and we left at 10:59am for the 11:00am scheduled departure. We took one rest stop at 1:40pm in the North Haven\'s Burger King. We arrived in South Station at 4:35pm.The bus departed at 3pm for the 3pm scheduled departure and arrived at 7:35pm on 33rd Street (7:15pm scheduled arrival) with no rest stop.I took multiple trips between DC and NYC. They always stay relatively on schedule. The most recent trip that I took was from NYC to DC with Kalvin on a weekday, we departed 34th street at 1:31 PM (scheduled for 1:30 PM) and arrived at the downtown location at around 1:50 PM. We picked up additional passengers and left at around 2:07 PM. We took no bathroom break and arrived at DC Union Station at 6:12 PM (scheduled arrival 6 PM). The traffic was not terrible but it was raining really hard on that day. Kalvin was great!However, on an another trip when I was scheduled to leave on a Sunday at 10:30am (from NYC), the bus was nowhere to be found other than a Baltimore bus leaving a little after us. They got another bus here by 10:25am and we left a little before 10:40am and arrived at 2:55pm at Union Station. We were scheduled to arrive at 2:45pm. We took a 15 minute bathroom break at Delaware Welcome Center.On another Friday, we left at 6:30pm and were supposed to arrive by 11pm, we arrived at midtown NYC at 11:10pm with a 15 minute rest stop break in Delaware. And we were all put on a Yankee bus with no electric outlet and very tight overhead space. We stopped at 33rd first. I know in a previous trip that I took, we would stop at the downtown Soho location first to let off the passengers. But we didn\'t this time around and they made the midtown stop first.Note for DC-bound travelers: once you arrive at Union Station, walk towards the main waiting area (for Amtrak people), take the escalator down and turn right to catch your subway ride if you are taking public transportation. For people leaving DC, when you exit from subway at Union Station, walk towards the sign of "amtrak" (not "buses") and take the immediate right when you take the escalator up where it then says buses. Follow the escalator up to the parking lot and you will see signs for bolt bus.I remember there was once or twice where we were all just let on the bus without displaying our tickets. That was a little concerning but fortunately it was still a smooth ride.', 'stars': '4', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "Had some hiccups, in my years of using this to travel home to my family. I've complained on twitter and was reimbursed for my trip. I had a bus catch on fire and had to take the next one that rolled by and had to stand up for an hour, complained and got full reimbursement. I wish they had an actual pick up in Manhattan but this is the NYC way. I like getting a free ride after 6 or 8 rides. That is all I got for bolt.", 'stars': '3', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "If there was a way I could give zero stars, I would! I waited for the bus and saw it arrive. I told the bus driver I have more people coming. The bus was scheduled to leave at 7:15. The guy said he would wait. My little cousins and sister hopped out of the car in the middle of traffic to get to the bus and as soon as we were all there at 7:16 he closes the door in our faces. Never again will I take this bus and I don't recommend it to anyone! Beware. Save your money.", 'stars': '1', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': 'For our trip to Baltimore, MD. It was decided to take a bus there and back. Bolt bus was picked for the price of $23.00 dollars one way, and 12 dollars coming back, Because i didn\'t know what time we were coming back i picked the wrong time. Finding out a week before the actual trip, i called bolt bus customer service. It was a 20 mins wait on phone (it was doing the storm where it snowed and they cancelled trains and stuff) but they were very happy to change the ticket for me. They charged me 7.00 dollars for changing times and processing fee, and i think for them doing it over the phone. I did try and do it on the laptop but for some reason you can only buy your tickets on line but if you make a mistake you have to call them. I had to leave my house at 5am, to catch the 7:45 am bus to baltimore. Yes it takes me an hour or so to get into the city from where i live and 5:15 is the first train to run that early. Thankgod i did, Apparently their was an accident with a amtrack train in penn station. So they had closed "7" the subway that i was going to use to get to 34th street and 11th ave, near the jacob javitz center. So not knowing this and no other choice i had to ask anybody who looked like they work for MTA how do i get to Hudson subway station if the train is not running.Shuttle to times square that early in the morning is not crowded at all, but they had only one side running back and forth. so i waited for maybe five mins for it to return. You think i would\'ve notice the bis yellow sign with a 7 on it. Anyway, i asked a transit officer how to get there and she saying the only way to get there was taking the free shuttle that they were suggesting. After waiting for maybe ten mins. i was finally at my location.There were alot of lines. I didn\'t see any signs on the sidewalk because people were standing in front of them. So i looked up at the standing ones and what i thought was Baltimore line was really the Washington line that was leaving 15 mins before my bus was schedule to leave.Our bus pulled up behind and we were given instructions about luggage sections for A,B,C tickets section. Now there was only 10-15 people waiting there. So we were able to get on quickly, then after a couple of mins, i guess they made an announcement for this bus cause we got crowded very fast. I guess this bus was sold out. \xa0The ride was comfortable, charging my phone was good, but there was no wifi. Not every seat had a charging station. I guess the biggest surprise for me was after maybe two hours we pulled over at a rest stop for a 15 minute break. The reason i was surprised was that when i useto take the greyhound to alfred state college a very long time ago and we never stop to do anything like that other then to drop people off or pick them up. I was happy to get off and let my legs walk around a little. \xa0Others ran in to get something to eat or use the bathrooms inside.We got to our location on time.I would take bolt bus again, for the price it\'s a good deal.', 'stars': '4', 'usefull_likes': '1'}
{'review': "Overall, this bus offers a strong value proposition by getting passengers up/down the Northeast Corridor for cheap! For passengers that complain about the cramped seats and lack of amenities, realize you are paying $10-15 on average, when Amtrak is typically $50-100 for the same route. With that being said, I ALWAYS prefer Amtrak, as it is quicker, more comfortable, and more reliable, but Bolt Bus is a great offering for cash-strapped students and others looking for an affordable ride to Boston, Philly, or Washington DC. From my experience riding with both Megabus and BoltBus, BoltBus is generally more comfortable and more reliable. I've also benefited from their rewards program, and taken several free rides as a result. If you are looking for an affordable transportation method, this is the best option! The buses are relatively clean, and the outlets are (usually) working. One major caveat is do not rely on the wifi!! From my experience it is barely functional, so I usually prefer my cellphone data. To reserve tickets, I would recommend opening an account and using the BoltBus app. It makes buying tickets and earning rewards easy, and passbook integration is convenient.", 'stars': '4', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': 'HORRIBLE SERVICE. They switched the stop and did not inform me. I have now been on the phone for an hour trying to receive a refund or get a new ticket and they will not work with me. They are one of the worst companies I have ever dealt with. It is far more worth it to pay more for amtrak then go through this aggravation.', 'stars': '1', 'usefull_likes': '2'}
{'review': 'I took the boltbus nyc to dc then dc to nyc. I give boltbus 3 stars for bringing me back alive.However, one of the guys at the midtown bus stop was so rude. "Wheres the line for the 930 bus?" "Get in line!" ...... that doesnt answer my question.And there r couple diff model buses. The ones w the leather seats r super comfortable. But theres no way for to find out which bus ur taking til u get on the bus. The bus was about 30min late due to traffic and weather. But we still stopped at the rest stop! Y????? And we left dc on time but no rest stop! Y?? \xa0For both buses i couldnt find a working outlet... the guy behind me had a working outlet but the charger wouldnt stay plugged in.. it was too loose.. so he had to hold up the charger w his hands.I strongly recommend tripper bus for ppl who are time sensitivr. nyc to dc/md. They dont have many time slots or discounted prices but they r very good w time n they give u free water! N no extra fees to \xa0change reservations. Megabus charges u $5 for time change. Conclusion: wouldnt b my first goto bus but it got me nyc to dc safely', 'stars': '3', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "Horrible experience. I've been taking BoltBus about once a month for over 3 years now as it's been a fairly easy way to get to Philadelphia from NYC. On thanksgiving I was denied a seat on the bus because I arrived at 8:05 for a bus leaving at 8:15. You've lost a loyal customer. Will never use again.", 'stars': '1', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "This review is based solely on my own personal experience, not those of my friends or family. I personally have had nothing but great experiences every time I use bolt bus-which is quite often since I take it from 33rd in NYC to PA to visit my BF quite often. Not only has it never been late for me, it almost always arrives early, the seats have a lot of leg room, there's multiple outlets in every row, and every single bus has *~functioning*~ wifi. If you ride with them a lot definitely download the app to book your tickets through. It's a lot easier, and after 8 rides your 9th one is free.", 'stars': '5', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': 'Do not use Boltbus. They cancelled a trip last minute because of "inclement weather" and refused to issue a refund for our full order. Other companies were still running and we finally got home after rushing across town. Also their customer service line rang and rang with no answer.', 'stars': '1', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "I took the bolt bus round trip from nyc to philly. Both ways the bus was clean, had ac and the outlets worked. The wifi wasn't perfect but it worked well enough. Who expects perfect wifi on a bus?? I don't know if the bathrooms were clean because it was only a 2 hour ride so I didn't need to use them. \xa0The bus driver from nyc to Philly had an attitude but drove safely (he's the reason for 4 stars and not 5). The driver back to nyc was very professional and also drove safe. \xa0For 2 round trip tickets under 30 bucks, it's a great way to travel and save money. \xa0I read some really awful reviews, but my experience was great and I hope yours is too.", 'stars': '4', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "I am disappointed with my first Bolt Bus experience. I'm taking Bolt Bus from DC to NYC. The floor of the bus is dirty, there are lots of broken things held together with duct tape, my seat's electrical outlet has been removed, and the WIFI is as slow as a dial-up modem from 1995. And the A/C isn't working.I had to log off of the WIFI to upload these photos via my cellular connection.P. S. Our driver missed the exit for the Lincoln Tunnel and had to drive many miles further north to find a place to make a U-Turn. We were 30 minutes late arriving in New York.", 'stars': '1', 'usefull_likes': '8'}
{'review': 'NY/Boston R/T - \xa0nice ride to Boston but very inflexible about changes for the return. \xa0No ability to issue a credit, must make changes ahead of trip, but can only book through end of August. \xa0Ended up switching to a ticket that was half the price, but they still insist on a $5 fee to change ticket plus they keep the additional $18. \xa0Future dealbreaker.', 'stars': '2', 'usefull_likes': '1'}
{'review': 'They\'ll get you from point A to point B, but not much more. They advertise amenities like WiFi, outlets, footrests and air conditioning, but rarely are more than a couple of these working at a time. Staff have been consistently abrasive. On time performance is meager - and they aren\'t apologetic about it. Once due to a "communication error" we were stuck at a rest stop in New Jersey for four hours waiting for a replacement bus. Prices are scaled according to peak times: although they advertise "$1 fares," these are rarely available, and depending on the day you\'ll see tickets as high as $75. Buyer beware.', 'stars': '2', 'usefull_likes': '1'}
{'review': "I have traveled from DC to NYC by plane, two types of trains, car, and now one of the frequent bus lines. \xa0I chose Bolt mainly for the schedule but I suspect they are all similar. \xa0I would take the train option next time and just book way in advance to get a better price.The good:- cheap- on time - not crowded- nice driverThe bad:- not roomy- spotty wifi (my experience, ymmv)- plugs won't stay in- temperature was cold then hot. \xa0I guess this is hard to control - no tray tables- no trash cans- standing in the sun in NYC w/ no cover, no shade, etc. My knees were in my face pretty much the whole time. \xa0The inconsiderate person in front of me decided to recline her seat all the way. \xa0I don't want to start a flame war about this, but it's simply not nice to do this when the seats are so close together. \xa0I've uploaded a picture of my knees in the seat in front. \xa0Couple this with no where to put our sandwiches and coffee and the whole experience was worth about 1.5 stars. \xa0Cheap it is. \xa0You get what you pay for.", 'stars': '2', 'usefull_likes': '1'}
{'review': "On my most recent trip to New York my sister, niece, \xa0and I decided we should also go to DC as well, and taking a bus seemed the most cost effective way to do it.After doing a little reading we decided Bolt Bus was the way to go, I was even lucky enough to get a dollar fare on one of the three seats when I started to book, score! For a total cost of around $30 (one way) for all three of us it was unbelievable. A bus to Orlando to Miami would be a lot more just for one person let along three, the distance between is about the same too.I wasn't scared too much after reading some of the mixed reviews, but I kept my expectations low just in case. Fortunately my expectations were exceeded, the only thing I could really find wrong was the power outlets were in desperate need of replacement and the pick up spot in lower Manhattan seemed a little sketchy since there wasn't much more than a sign for Greyhound lines and being the first to arrive I had to ask to make sure we were in the right place.When the bus arrived more or less on time, we boarded quickly and got on our way.The bus was relatively clean, the seats were comfortable, and the people weren't dirty smelly sketchy people. I'd totally do it again.", 'stars': '4', 'usefull_likes': '1'}
{'review': "I've used Bolt to travel to Boston. I usually do not have major issues. The buses are clean and there are electrical outlets you can use to charge up your phones. Buses have always left on time when I have traveled. The AC is on blast during the summer so I suggest taking a blanket if you usually get cold. Tickets are easy to purchase on their website. My only issue was when I needed to change the travel date on tickets I already purchased. I thought I would receive a credit but I was told I need to reschedule before the travel dates on my tickets. I needed to figure some things out so this was kind of fucked up for my situation. They also don't apply the total dollar amount you spent on your tickets for you to reuse. Instead if I spent 25 on a ticket and I need to change it to a ticket on a later date that costs 15, I don't get my money back or can apply the difference on the next ticket I needed. If it's more expensive that what I originally paid, I pay more for that one ticket. I had about 5 tickets and it was frustrating that I couldn't just get a credit and get the tickets I need. I should've read the fine print.", 'stars': '3', 'usefull_likes': '1'}
{'review': 'Old buses with crumbling armrests and nonworking outlets... Pretty disappointing experience', 'stars': '2', 'usefull_likes': '3'}
{'review': "This review is specifically about the plugs in the seats. My charger wouldn't stay. I saw a passenger across from me using gum to stop his charger from falling. I don't know why they aren't able to hold.. maybe age and frequent use has made them useless. Whatever the reason, I highly suggest replacing them since so many passengers want to charge their technology. Having working plugs would make Bolt Bus higher on my preferences of traveling. Bolt is now on the same level as every other bus company.With the plugs as an exception, Bolt is great. Just don't expect to charge anything on your trip.", 'stars': '2', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "I'm taking the last Bolt from NYC home to DC. \xa0Bus takes a rest stop in Delaware, but what was announced as a 10 min stop turned to half an hour. \xa0Bus driver took his bloody time. \xa0While I appreciate the stop, I would rather arrive on time or early to my destination. I'm generally ok with this bus service but tonight's service made me angry and frustrated especially at the end of a long day.", 'stars': '2', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "This update is long overdue. I think I said I will never use Bolt again- let me take that back! With limiting options for buses going to/from Boston-NYC, I inevitably purchased Bolt tickets. Bolt definitely improved on their services which is why I feel the need to update my review. First off, they allow you to change your ticket!!!! YAY BOLT! I travel between BOS & NYC a lot and this is definitely convenient for someone like me. Second, they always depart on time now. The past rides I've had, they were on point with the scheduled departure times. Third, their rewards program is legit. I've actually received a free one way before. It didn't take much reservations/tickets to earn the free one way travel (brownie points) but its nice to see the company give back.I would use Bolt again. Never had a problem with a driver. Coach buses are always clean. Never use the bathroom so can't comment - guessing its like any other coach bus bathroom. Most times they make a stop at Burger King acorss the street from McDonalds but I like when they don't which rarely happens, the driver normally announces if its a direct trip. (PSA: If you travel on this route and decide to cross over to McDonald's during break PLEASE BE BACK ON TIME! It really bugs me when people take 30 mins at McDs. One time a driver almost left 2 young girls because he couldn't wait but thank god he listened to us and waited because they would have been lost in the middle of CT!) Prices are good, becomes competitive the day of but just book ahead to get the best deal.", 'stars': '4', 'usefull_likes': '2'}
{'review': "Booked a ticket from NYC to Boston about two weeks out from my departure at 630pm on a Tuesday. Arrived as instructed 30 minutes early, however there was no bus at 630. I waited until 650pm to call Boltbus customer service to ask why the delay and when we could expect the bus to arrive. After spending 20 minutes on hold, the bus finally arrives (710pm). Still on hold at this point, the customer service representative comes back on line and says we will be taking the 7pm bus, and she will transfer my call to another representative. The call is dropped as we board the bus finally departing at 730pm.There are no power outlets at the seats as advertised, and the WiFi does not work either (using an iPhone and MacBook)Advice to Boltbus- notify your customers in advance of delayed departures- especially when there are no representatives on the ground, and don't advertise options not available to all passengers. Will not recommend their service.", 'stars': '1', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': 'Service is decent, HOWEVER, as a company, you should enforce the group seating and make the customers line up PROPERLY. You have these signs for group boarding, but the ppl stand ANYWHERE. Take ya C ticket and move back. You have a reservation, you will be seated...after I get on. This cattle call mess is why I avoid the other bus companies. Also, are you folks gonna fix these old plugs or what? The buses are showing their age.', 'stars': '1', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': 'Ironically I am writing this while sitting in a megabus: because I now realize how great boltbus is and appreciate it a lot! Tickets are cheap and the bus is very comfortable with everything you need for a longer journey: outlets, great wifi and a good bus driver who makes you feel safe and is punctual! Thank you I will never take megabus again. From now on only bolt', 'stars': '3', 'usefull_likes': '7'}
{'review': 'Cherry Hill ----- NYC route reviewi\'ve been taking BoltBus for the past 2 years for work. Not daily...but weekly trips. Some of the negative reviews are fairly accurate but i think you have to put it into a different perspective, particularly those that travel on Bolt often compared to those that took it once or twice. The Cherry Hill "mall" stop isn\'t really at the mall. Its on route 38. The route going to NYC is on the corner next to the NJ Bus stop (Target and Kohl\'s exit area). Basically stand by the telephone poll and thats where the door opens to board. The route going back to Cherry HIll drops you off on 38 in front of the Red Lobster. For the most part, Bolt Bus has been on time for most pick ups and mostly ontime or early for drop offs. The trips that are late, in my experience, has been due to the weather (rain, snow, ice, etc). The wait can be unbearable since its an outdoor "waiting area". But everyone should know that before buying a ticket. This isn\'t greyhound or the train that drops you at Penn Station. If the weather is bad, just know the bus driver will have to drive slower too, so drop off time will be later as well. Some drivers and staff members are better than others. (Shout out to Karen, she\'s really nice and a safe driver). I don\'t like the fact that they don\'t let ticket holders board until a certain time, but that "kinda" makes sense for A ticket holders running a little late (losing a seat that they may have preferred). But during bad weather? let standby people wait outside.There were only a few occasions that outlets didn\'t work. That was fine, i just slept. I prefer the buses with the leather seats (newer) and they have seat belts. During 2014, NJ had multiple bus accidents and having a seat belt just made me feel more safe during my commutes. The leg space is definitely good for an average person. I\'m 5\'7 and its comfortable. Can\'t speak for taller people. The WiFi is hit or miss. I tend to just have movies/tv shows downloaded on my tablet already or just listen to music. I\'ve taken the Chinatown bus, the Yo Bus, and the Megabus...i took them all ONCE... and that was one too many times. Those bus services are horrendous. Megabus double deckers take forever to get to Philadelphia. But if you are on a budget and have time to kill, take that.', 'stars': '5', 'usefull_likes': '4'}
{'review': "If you miss your bus because they moved where the bus stops to a different location they will not refund you for your fair. \xa0Monica, the customer service person I spoke to was the rudest person I've ever spoken to in any customer service position. \xa0They got my 30 dollars for today but they lost the hundreds of dollars they would have gotten from me as a return customer if they had shown the least decency. \xa0I will never use this company again.", 'stars': '1', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "BoltBus was really really easy to use for me. Saved me a ton of money and time, and I was a tad bit wary for it being my first time. I'm based in Fort Lauderdale and came into NYC for a few days and then needed to get to DC for a few days to visit the parents. Taking a plane from NY to DC was stupid expensive for the amount of time in the air and involved security and the ridiculousness of baggage claim. No thanks. $30 for Boltbus got me almost to the exact same place in DC. Waiting for a bus on the street corner for 20-30 minutes in the whipping wind of NYC in March SUCKED. Not going to lie. But it was a quick boarding process. There are ABC groups like Southwest to pick your seats. Overhead bins for one item and you get a suitcase under the coach. All the seats recline and have outlets for gadgets, but no cup holders-so keep that in mind although they do allow food and drinks.I can't comment on the restrooms since I didn't use them, but I did notice that the on board wifi (one of the reasons that I chose BoltBus) was awfully spotty. I think this may have been isolated, but I just put my headphones in and fell asleep. However, if I was trying to get work done, this would have been annoying. I will totally use boltbus again. It was easy, and we got in ahead of schedule!", 'stars': '4', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': 'After being a long time bolt user and rewards holder, I will NEVER use bolt again! I bought a ticket for a trip from Philadelphia to New York on a Thursday night and the bus NEVER CAME!! Myself, along with all the other customers, were left waiting outside in December! Naturally, I figured customer service would rectify the situation but to my surprise, they REFUSED to help me at all. Basically saying my claims were a lie and they do not compensate for people who missed their bus!! That would mean that ALL of the passengers arrived late and missed the bus. I am so beside myself and how horrible bolt has dealt with the situation. Clearly they have unreliable drivers and inconsistent management. Do not expect any type of help from this company when THEY make an mistake and leave you in the cold!', 'stars': '1', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "Newark to Boston service ::: This is the first worst experience with the BOLT bus service. Bus crew were rude and doesn't have patience to guide the passengers. I won't prefer any one to choose BOLT bus especially from NYC or Newark to Boston. Bus is average...Wifi is slow. My ticket says some seat number but it's finally end up with first come first serve basis.. Instead of choosing BOLT it would be better to take rental car. My boarding point was at out side of Newark Penn station,it's another horrible place to wait for bus. Found lot of nonsense guys begging for coffee, money and \xa0creating lot of trouble to people around. It's not secured place to wait for bus. Only greyhounds bus has good waiting hall and customer service help desk available. Unlike other reviews it's not cheaper , even in greyhounds or wanderu we will get tickets for 20$ and less if you travel non busy days.", 'stars': '1', 'usefull_likes': '6'}
{'review': 'After spending over 35 minutes total on the phone with the Bolt Bus customer service line today, I can officially say that I am not a happy customer. About a week ago, I booked roundtrip tickets between New York and Boston, not realizing that the returning tickets were on the same day by accident. As I tried to fix it this morning, the rate had gone way up on the tickets and I ended up paying $40 extra for tickets back home, costing me a total of over $100 for the entire trip. To make matters worse, I checked the Bolt Bus website right after my phone call with customer service and saw that the tickets miraculously dropped to $1.00! I am beyond upset that I am unable to receive any refund or rebooking refund for this ridiculous drop in pricing. Especially right after I paid full price. And, on top of this, the person that I spoke to this morning on the phone neglected to tell me the new cost of the tickets AND that she had already deducted the difference from the previous tickets for the new ones. So I had to call back and explain to two different people that I was charged twice for the same tickets when, in reality, I was just not told that I the money I spent on the original tickets was deducted from the new tickets. After this trip, I do not think I will be using Bolt Bus again.', 'stars': '1', 'usefull_likes': '1'}
{'review': "We truly have a love hate relationship with Bolt Bus. The love is the price. The hate is, the wifi is very weak, the departures are late 9 times out of 10 and even worse, the arrivals are consistently late, sometimes by as much as 30 minutes, an hour or more. Please be realistic with your schedules. \xa0Don't tell us we are scheduled to arrive at 10:15 and pull in at 10:47.The buses are clean and drivers are safe and you get us from point A to point B, there's the love again.", 'stars': '2', 'usefull_likes': '3'}
{'review': "It's the bus. No matter which bus company you decide to go with, a 5-hour ride between Boston and NYC is never going to be fun, especially with the random waves of traffic along the way. Pro-tip: suck it up and pay the the heavier price for the train or plane. Or if you're like me and always forget to book far in advance and end up being stuck taking a bus, here's my general take of Bolt: \xa0Pros- leather seats are nice, kept very clean, and look more sleek than those of other buses- outlets at every seat assure me that my phone will never die!- drop-off location at Midtown West is a convenient walk to Penn Station (and my apartment woo!)- to ensure that we would arrive in the city near the original estimated time of arrival, the driver decided to ditch the midway pit stop at McDonalds -responsible driversCons- No one helped me load my huge suitcase into and off the storage area, and no one guards that area either as suitcases are being loaded on and off. You should only bring one at your own risk. I do know of instances of ripped suitcases due to mishandling by other passengers who were in a rush to take their own things out.- Not sure if this is the normal route, but my driver decided to drive locally starting at the point between the Bronx and Manhattan all the way down to 33rd street as opposed to taking the West Side Highway. 7pm in Manhattan means traffic, traffic, and more traffic, and there really was no room for a large bus in the midst of all this traffic. Crossing down 90+ streets was by far the most painful part of the 5-hour ride.", 'stars': '3', 'usefull_likes': '1'}
{'review': 'Phenomenal customer service. I left my wallet behind on the bus and BoltBus was so helpful in making sure that I have it returned. They 2-day shipped it back, and all of my valuables were in place.', 'stars': '5', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': 'Took the bus from NYC to Boston. Fair price and easy to get to in the city. The space on the bus was comfortable and appreciated the charging stations for devices.', 'stars': '4', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "Confortable, no stress travel. The only reason I didn't give a 5* is the driver was a little impatient on the road. \xa0I would not hesitate to use them again, great service.", 'stars': '4', 'usefull_likes': '2'}
{'review': 'I live in New York and my family lives in Massachusetts and Washington state. I have traveled countless times to Boston on every means of transportation possible. Bolt bus ranks at the top. Their busses are clean on schedule(when traffic between NYC and Boston is not a bear) and the staff is courteous. I have used there service on the west coast as well and the service is just as great. Bolt is a great and economical way for us urban dwellers that never had or ditched the car years ago. Life is to crazy as it is. Traveling with Bolt does not make life anymore complicated.', 'stars': '4', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "My friend and I took a 12 noon bus to Boston on St Patrick's day 3/17/16. The bus stop was east to find, and the bus was there when we had arrived over 15 minutes earlier than our tickets suggested. The only down side (which is out of bolt's hands) was the traffic in NYC due to the parade, which made the bus arrive in Boston a little later than expected. I took the 11:15am bus out of south station in Boston headed to ny 3/20/16, and again the bus was on time. On the ny bound bus, the seats were even moreComfortable, I feel as if they didn't make you sir straight up and had more room. Overall a very pleasant experience and I'd utilize again", 'stars': '5', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': 'do not use bolt!awful experience - no bus arrived at all and we kept being told different things by customer service about buses being just the other side of the tunnel and on their way. we were also told that the original driver decided to not pick us up at all and skipped our stop entirely. also, this happened on thanksgiving!!!! i speak from experience - never use boltbus again!!!! the company should be forced to close due to this total irresponsibility.', 'stars': '1', 'usefull_likes': '3'}
{'review': "I recently took a Greyhound and I have to say the Bolt Bus is miles above better. The bus driver was honestly the best. He was super friendly and attentive, answered everyone's questions and even took time to help an elderly lady who was seriously confused about where to get off at.The bus was clean and has plenty of leg room. The wifi works great, the seats are comfy, and there are outlets for your chargers. Great trip! Highly recommend them :) My one tip is to get there early even if you are in Group C so you have a chance to pick your seat!", 'stars': '5', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': 'Wow what a dirty, noisy, pungent bus. My seat is currently leaning leaning toward the aisle and I have 3 more hours left on my trip from NYC to Boston. This is bus has no outlets and the wifi is really meant to distract you from your other surroundings. Not sure I want to put my arm down on the worn to the metal arm rest. I researched which bus to take and decided this one from some reviews but wow was I taken here. Bus 0841 \xa0needs to desperately be retired... Man... These fumes are strong and people are coughing here. The driver was nice.', 'stars': '1', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "Just got back from D.C., no issues at all, I am thankful. I have to say it was a pleasant ride to and from, and luckily I had both seats to myself - so I guess that's why I am saying all this lol!As far as amenities and all that jazz, there are none. I tried the wi-fi but connecting it was challenging so I gave up and used my data plan to watch movies.Overall, It's as basic as you can get for the price, so it's up to you to come prepared with the necessities that will make your trip more luxurious (food, water, entertainment)", 'stars': '4', 'usefull_likes': '1'}
{'review': 'Nightmare trip for NYC to Boston. No wifi, no AC, made us wait in blistering sun for bus with no shade.TERRIBLE.', 'stars': '1', 'usefull_likes': '1'}
{'review': 'Yeah, I guess you get what you pay for - but should we have to pay to inhale diesel fumes and to watch a rude driver pull off the side of the road to take a leak on the highway? \xa0Seriously, something was wrong with this bus - the smoke and the fumes were so bad, I was worried it was going to catch fire. \xa0And then non-response from customer service after an email was sent. \xa0Avoid at all costs, take Megabus instead. \xa0Hell, even Greyhound is better.', 'stars': '1', 'usefull_likes': '1'}
{'review': 'Bolt Bus was not reliable for me on my return trip for Memorial Day weekend 2016. I paid three weeks in advance and arrived to the Cherry Hill, NJ bus station 20 mins before my scheduled 8:20am departure, The Bolt bus was 15 to 20 minutes late. When Bolt bus arrived the driver, insisted that women and children load their items first, which was great! However the bus arrived completely full and the driver informed us that he only had 3 more seats, at this time 10 of us remained outside the bus and were denied due to overcrowding. I had intended to be in NYC for 10:55, The driver informed us that we would need to catch the next bus for "9:20am", This is not the worse part! I nicely call bolt customer service and wanted to know when the next bus was arriving, she informed me that the next one would not be until "10:20" and it is sold out so she cannot guarantee me or the other 9 patrons a seat, she wanted to then transfer me to customer service but could not provide me a number, I asked to speak to a supervisor first and he said it was out of his hands and he cannot see the count of people on the next bus, I asked him where he was and he said " The Philippines" I was transferred to the Dallas office and the women on the phone was very rude, and could not help and insisted the next open bus was not until 12:55pm, I asked for a refund, she informed me 3 to 5 business days. I WAS LATE and did not make it to NYC by 10:55am, I rather had to call someone to pick me up, drive across the bridge to Philly and pay $55 additional dollars to take the Amtrak train, I do no recommend this bus service, I would rather you pay more and avoid being left stranded on the side of the corner at the bus stop.', 'stars': '1', 'usefull_likes': '9'}
{'review': 'The bus was not on time which apparently is common but since this was my first trip on the bus, I was unaware. The bus itself was not very clean. It was not filthy but it could have definitely used a deep clean because the floors were dirty and sticky. \xa0All of the outlets and plugs did not work but fortunately the one in my seat did. Once on our way, our ride was easy and the driver got us to our destination safely. There was a small delay but we arrived close to the scheduled time. \xa0I would use the Bolt bus again for a quick commute from NYC to DC or vice versa.', 'stars': '3', 'usefull_likes': '1'}
{'review': 'This is for the NYC to Baltimore round trip. \xa0On our route out, we were about 30 minutes delayed even getting on the bus. \xa0There are few things more miserable than standing on 12th avenue waiting and the Bolt attendee says "I have no idea where he is."Once we got on, it was fine. \xa0Return trip was also fine. \xa0The driver scared me by saying that he thought it would be more like 5 and a half to 6 hours, but then we got there in 4.5 and I was happy (even though it was supposed to take 4--maybe that\'s reverse psychology!).I would take this again but let\'s be honest about what it is: dirt cheap transportation. \xa0Don\'t expect much else.', 'stars': '3', 'usefull_likes': '2'}
{'review': 'BoltBus gets two stars because it got me to my destination (New York City to Boston). I booked the tickets two days before the travel, $24 per person. \xa0The website gave a cross street for the BoltBus station, which was a sidewalk with a short pole holding up a small sign that said "BoltBus Station". \xa0The driver was 40 minutes late, and we got to our destination about 1.5-2 hours later than scheduled. \xa0The passengers put their own luggage in the storage compartment at the bottom of the bus. \xa0It was a little chaotic. \xa0Passengers were seated by the ticket class. \xa0I wish I knew that before I got to the station 45 minutes early and stood in line that whole time thinking it was first come first serve. \xa0The bus was nearly full.On the bus, the faux leather seats were cracking and the armrest was crumbling. \xa0As other reviewers have mentioned, the seats on this bus were slippery so you end up sliding down the seat and slouching most of the ride. \xa0There was no footrest. \xa0There is a toliet on the bus (no sink).Midway in Connecticut, we stopped at a Burger King for 15 minutes to use the restrooms, get a bite to eat. \xa0Across the street was a CVS where we bought some water.When we reached Boston, passengers collected their own luggage. \xa0Again, a little chaotic. \xa0Don\'t expect any help from the BoltBus driver.Final thoughts: \xa0BoltBus got us to our destination. Plan for delays. \xa0And don\'t expect any luxuries or other services.', 'stars': '2', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': 'Absolutely love it. I have taken it (Philly-NYC and back) several times now, it is a great experience for the price. My only gripe is that neither station has any covering at all, so you are either baking in the sun or otherwise exposed to the elements. But again, for the price it is awesome.Buses are clean, the crowd on the bus is orderly, the drivers are polite and drive well (i.e. no jerking or speeding).I am a fan', 'stars': '5', 'usefull_likes': '2'}
{'review': "Cheap prices round trip from New York to Washington D.C. If you are lucky, you can snag a $1 ticket which I was able to get. That's the only positive thing about the Boltbus.Don't count on the trip to be on time. Left at approximately 8:15 AM, but didn't arrive to Washington D.C. until about 1 PM. Suppose to be in Washington D.C. at 12:15 PM. Always count on traffic to happen. WiFi was decent. It did go out a few times. The ride back was on schedule, but air conditioning was terrible. WiFi was non-existent. I guess thats what happens when you get a cheap tickets. Always arrive on time before they give up your seats to the stand by people.", 'stars': '5', 'usefull_likes': '1'}
{'review': 'If you want a cheap way to travel various Northeast routes (Boston, New York, Philadelphia, Washington, DC), BoltBus is the way to go. I travel on BoltBus easily 2 to 3 dozen round trips per year and have significant depth of experience from which to write a review. I\'ve found the buses to be late easily over half the time. The problem is that the schedule lists the same travel time regardless of whether the bus leaves during rush hour or whether there are other conditions which would cause a delay. In a few cases, the bus has arrived to its destination early. More than half the time the drivers don\'t make any announcement or welcome the passengers. On the flip side, I can\'t understand why some drivers do such a thorough job or making an announcement at the beginning (ie. safety procedures, welcome passengers, announce whether there\'ll be a midpoint stop, etc.) The fact that in NYC the bus has curb side pickup rather than a gate at the Port Authority Bus Station can sometimes be a hassle, especially if it\'s raining, snowing, etc. There is wi-fi. However, I\'ve found it to be slow or non functional a reasonable amount of the time. Same with the electrical outlets...about 50/50 in terms of reliability. BoltBus\'s biggest attraction is the price. I\'ve frequently been able to get the $1 fare. Even mid-week the prices are great at $12-$15 one way. If you are looking for a "no frills" form of transportation to get yourself from point A to B, I would recommend BoltBus.', 'stars': '3', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "I took BoltBus from NYC to Boston and back the next day. The bus broke down BOTH WAYS. During the first trip, before the breakdown, the heat was stuck on. It was a warm day and it was probably close to 100 degrees on the bus. These busses are poorly maintained and are not dependable. They did refund my fare, but I split a very expensive uber from Hartford to Boston with other stranded passengers. Next time I'll take the train.", 'stars': '3', 'usefull_likes': '1'}
{'review': "Absolutely horrible. This is my first ever yelp review and am very disappointed that I feel the need to tell people such negative things about a service. However, on my trip to philly I have had nothing but bad experiences with Bolt coming and going to new York. I have just waited over an hour on the side of the NJ turnpike for another bus to pick us up due to an exhaust issue with our current bus. The bus was supposed to be getting into New York at 9am. It is now 9:26 and we are still 1 hour and 40 minutes away from our stop. This service is completely unreliable and I will never be taking a bus again from any of these companies. I will be very very late for work today, rushing from place to place now and only to have a mere $18 of refund back. I guess it is true, you get what you pay for. I'm sorry but this is just unbelievable.", 'stars': '1', 'usefull_likes': '4'}
{'review': 'Took it from Boston to New York with snow flurries. \xa0Got there on time and with zero issues. \xa0A great ride and it was super considering the conditions!', 'stars': '1', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': 'This service always reaches the destination late. The quality of the buses in beyond terrible. The rattling that went on from New York to Boston for the entirety of the 4.5 hours was unbearable.The drivers are impolite even when you are speaking straight with them. Would not recommend this to anyone else', 'stars': '5', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "I've always had terrible experiences on buses to NYC and Philly, but the BoltBus has definitely restored my faith in the whole bussing system. I like how the driver doesn't make a rest stop on the way, since it usually adds considerable time to the travel time. The driver is also conscious of the temperature in the bus, which is much appreciated since I've found myself freezing to death on endless Megabus trips. I used to swear by Amtrak after multiple buses arriving late, never arriving at all, or breaking down, but I wouldn't mind taking Bolt again!", 'stars': '1', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "$1 to go and $3 to return. Who's complaining? My only issues are you can't change your scheduled ride to a later/earlier time if you suddenly are unable to travel and, since they don't do refunds for non-traveling parties, it'd be nice to save your ticket for a future date....but nope, even if you miss your ride, you're forced to purchase a brand new ticket. And $1 tickets are TOO rare (rarer than winning the lottery almost, so try your luck)!", 'stars': '4', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': 'The main BoltBus pickup/dropoff location is on 33rd Street between 11th and 12th Aves, so a bit of a trek from the Penn Station/34th Street subway stop. I have to note that boarding the BoltBus at the location mentioned above is a bit of a hot mess. There are multiple buses boarding at any given time, but only one loading zone. So people standing in line for the "A" boarding group might be getting on a bus to DC or a a bus leaving at a similar time for Baltimore. It\'s pretty disorganized. Also, the standby line is labeled "A", which is confusing. They could really go for some better signage.On my recent trip to DC, after loading the majority of the bus at the 33rd St location, we spent 50 minutes tooling around Manhattan to make a second stop in lower Manhattan. I was a little mystified as we had not made this stop on the trip into NYC. Additionally, they had allowed standby folks to board at 33rd Street, and had to turn some prepaid customers away at the second stop because they had oversold the bus.Moral of the story: I suppose I will always be boarding at the 33rd Street location so that I know I will make it home as scheduled.', 'stars': '3', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': 'OMG! Do not use bolt bus, the one we went on required you to be completely silent. I was speaking on the phone in a really low volume and the driver pulled over and said to lower my volume and I was like I am speaking low, any lower I will be silent but it seemed as if there was a no talking policy. The driver was very threatening.', 'stars': '3', 'usefull_likes': '9'}
{'review': 'Had to look for a bus to go back home and tried this bus company. I usually take megabus but wanted to try something new...Bad bad idea. Its middle of august and its about 85degrees outside. Bus has a horrible AC system and everyone is dying. Driver keeps sayinf that it will get better but nothing has changed.Comfy seats but will not take this again. Until i find another busline, i will stick with either my car or megabus.', 'stars': '1', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': 'Its late. If there is one thing i hate, its tardiness. Lucky star, always left on time, just saying.', 'stars': '2', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': 'Cheap, easy, and convenient way to NYC from South Station.', 'stars': '1', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': 'A star is far too generous. I am sitting with 47 other passengers on a bus 70 minutes delayed from NY to Boston. Why delayed? Not because there\'s no bus or no driver. Just because there is another driver that needs to be taken as a passenger to Boston. The driver is nice enough but made to regurgitate what the customer service repeats as a mantra "10 to 20 more minutes", without any basis to say that--more than 3 times already. I\'m still waiting. They care more about taking an idle driver for his shift out of Boston tomorrow than the 47 people who have entrusted their schedule to them. It is beyond disgraceful and they should be out of business.', 'stars': '4', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': 'You get what you pay for. This is a $40 round trip bus from NYC to DC, and there are definite pros and cons to using their service. NYC to DC: My gf and I checked in with the driver, but he made no mention of the fact that we could get on right away, so we waited with the standby passengers for a good 10 min before figuring it out. By that point, every single rider had taken a seat - alone, of course, so the only two seats left open were by the bathroom in the rear. Our seats were completely shredded to shit, with holes so big I could have crawled inside and gone to sleep. The free wi-fi was spotty, so I opted to not use it. Our driver made 2 stops on the way down despite this being a non-stop bus. At the last one we almost left someone behind. I laughed as he came bursting out of the rest stop with a coffee in his hand, desperately trying to catch up to us. He did. At least we made it on time, 4 hours and 15 minutes later. DC to NYC: After having an issue getting seats on the way down, we decided to get to Union Station early so we could be at the head of the line. Well, there were 3 lines... none of which were marked. So we waited near the front of the first line, only to find out just as the bus pulled up that this was the line for the "A" group, and we were the "C" group. So, we had to get to the back of that line and it cost us getting seats together. Luckily, someone moved for my gf and I but the lack of useful signs is completely inexcusable. We made no stops this time, and the seats on this bus were thankfully upholstered and relatively comfortable. My seat wouldn\'t recline, though, so I wasn\'t able to relax as much as I needed to at that time. There was also no wi-fi at all on this bus, despite the fact that it was clearly a newer, cleaner vehicle. What you should take away from this review: the service is hit-or-miss, the drivers are clearly just guys doing a job they barely tolerate, and the conditions can vary wildly, but for the price it\'s hard to beat. Unfortunately, for the price it\'s also too much of a crap shoot for me. Next time I\'ll pay a little more to get on a better coach.', 'stars': '1', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': 'Terrible service, worst customer service ever. They were rude, from driver to customer service attendant. The woman who stays at the bus stop was nice and polite, but helpless.', 'stars': '3', 'usefull_likes': '2'}
{'review': "THE only time I will ever complain about anything on yelp :(that's how bad it was)I arrived at the outdoor bolt bus location in the freezing cold where I had to wait for my bus that was over an HOUR LATE. Upon entering the bolt bus the bus driver informed us that the heat was broken on the bus. I travelled for two and a half hours to Philadelphia, in the same freezing atmosphere that I had to wait an hour for in the first place. there is no ventilation or air movement on the bolt buses so you smell EVERYTHING and EVERYONE on the bus. Upon receiving my bag out from under the bolt bus OVER 3000 DOLLARS WORTH OF STUFF IN MY BAG WAS STOLEN FROM THE BOLT BUS STAFF, as they were the only ones that had the time and means to search through my bag. I am still waiting for customer service to get back to me a week later about my situation and their staff of CRIMINALS who by the way look so un-clean that I had to completely wash all of my stuff knowing that they had their filthy thieving hands were rummaging through my personal belongings. \xa0 WELL OVER 3000 dollars worth of stuff is missing my bag including laptop, clothes, hair appliances, and even a wrapped Christmas gift.Neither my seat on this bolt bus nor my neighbors seat had a outlet, wifi did not work, and again no heat. \xa0 \xa0 I would highly suggest another method of transportation like a flight, which would have been cheaper than me having to replace all of my stuff and go through such a TERRIBLE experience on bolt bus. Bolt bus is the absolutely worst experience of ANY public transportation I have EVER experienced.", 'stars': '1', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': 'Terrible service in NYC. The people on the ground are extremely rude and provide no help. If you are taking a bus to Boston be careful as it may be a Yankee bus (not a Bolt bus) and no one will actually tell you. Definitively, not recommended go somewhere else.', 'stars': '1', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': 'BoltBus used to be my favorite. However, in recent years, it\'s gone downhill. I have been taking MegaBus lately since it is a better experience for a cheaper price, and I am very satisfied with the service. Last weekend was the first time I had taken BoltBus since college.Wow, what a horrible horrible experience. The bus driver was so rude. I was seated in the first row and was talking on the phone with my landlord who had just informed me of a crisis that was totally out of my control (basically a roommate screwed me over financially). The bus driver said I should lower my voice, which I did. I am not a very loud person (I get annoyed with those loud giddy voices many girls have). He kept nastily saying "lower voice, lower voice" and everyone was looking at each other because it was obvious that he was being totally unreasonable. It became clear to me that he wanted me off the phone period even when I told him I am dealing with an emergency.If he wanted me to not be in that seat because it was distracting him from driving, then I would have switched seats. But he kept insisting I get off the phone. I had to whisper to my landlord goodbye, and of course she couldn\'t hear me, so I was stressing out, as the bus driver kept glaring at me. What a jerk! I am going to register a complaint, but for me, when the damage is done, it\'s done. Plus, how do I know that they won\'t just keep him around? I didn\'t just pay extra mullah to get treated like this. This bus driver must have a serious chip on his shoulder to treat customers in that way. Makes MegaBus drivers sound like angels!', 'stars': '2', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "On a Boltbus right now. I've been riding them rather regularly for the past year between NY and DC. I can say unequivocally that the service has gone from mediocre to abysmal. I'm here because I ride enough that I got a free ride, which is a nice Bolt perk, but I feel for all the paying customers. Anyway it earned Bolt an extra star. But, as usual, there's a shortage of outlets, the overhead lights just don't \xa0work, and the wifi that once made Bolt the gold standard is nowhere to be found. I can say that catching a Bolt with working wifi can be characterized as a pleasant surprise these days. At least the drivers are typically very courteous and informative. I would say if you're looking for a good trip to DC, the Chinatown bus is similarly priced, on time, and honest about its total lack of amenities. DC2NY is a little more expensive, but consistently solid, with more convenient pickup and drop off locations. At the end of the day, it's reached the point where nearly every option is better. At this point I don't plan on riding Bolt again.", 'stars': '2', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': 'Pros: on time departure Cons: outlets and lighting did not work during a night time trip. Bolt bus use to be better. I suggest going with megabus or gobus to boston.', 'stars': '2', 'usefull_likes': '1'}
{'review': "BoltBus is a great value, and the Boston experience is friendly and well-organized. Indoors, too. New York, not so much. Information --signage and people-- limited and confusing. Always many people waiting, anxious about which destination is where, which line to stand in, whether they'll get a seat. Works out, but more of a hassle than it needs to be!", 'stars': '3', 'usefull_likes': '9'}
{'review': 'if you don\'t travel by bus much, or ever, you would think there is not much difference in bus lines other then price; nothing could be further from the truth, Ruth! there was a time when all i wanted from a bus was the cheapest fair. hence, my Chinatown/Fung Wah years of bussing it to Boston/Philly/D.C. then, those fuckers started killing people; that was the end of my Chinatown bus years. present day, the capitalist system we all live in has birthed a better version of options. still, we have the Chinatown bus companies to thank for making Grey Hound and others step their game up.my thoughts on Bolt are mixed. not as fun to ride in as Mega, because there\'s no tables or an upper deck. but, they have leather seats, which make for a more comfy ride. the price is competitive to the smaller, cheaper bus lines ( Bolt is owned by Grey Hound ) and frankly, for ten dollars more, i\'d much rather ride these guys then a cheaper line. yes, the wifi is touch and go, but that\'s on ALL these lines. there\'s plug ins and THAT is more then half the battle on a 4/5 hour trip. they get you there relatively on schedule. best of all, the drivers speak English and your life is in better hands. or so, i\'d like to fool myself into thinking. the boarding process in SoHo (6th ave between Grand and Watts) can be a tad confusing; stay on the east end of 6th ( The James Hotel side ). they, along with a few other bus companies, board half way up 6th, just before Watts. there is a small bus sign, if you look up, but there is no one there with a clip board to guide you or ask for info. it\'s just like any other bus stop in the city really. that is unnerving when your bus is 30 min late the way mine was once. i need the comfort of a sloppy fat guy with attitude holding a clipboard to ease an already stressful situation. the stop in midtown on 11th ave. is much better. there are info people there who can answer questions and guide you if needed. this is where you want to be. trust. i bought my ticket on line and all you need to show them is the confirmation email. no need to print out; just show them the info via your phone. they didn\'t even ask for i.d., even though it says have that ready for boarding. although you can just show up and buy a ticket at the stop, it\'s much cheaper to book ahead. friday and sunday lines can be long.other then a few Chinatown buses, i\'ve also taken a rides on Peter Pan, Grey Hound, Mega, and Washington Deluxe. Bolt is right behind Mega in my book of the "best of the worst". Lets face it, if price wasn\'t a factor, we\'d all take the train or better yet, a plane to our east coast cities. but, since we have to deal with baller on a budget issues, Bolt is a good option.', 'stars': '4', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': 'Their bolt for a buck slogan is complete horseshit. \xa0You are more likely to ride a unicorn in your lifetime than get that dollar fare. \xa0With their bs marketing gimmick aside, I actually like Bolt more than the other buses. \xa0It is not a complete shit show like grehound / peterpan and with Chinatown now gone I am willing to pay a few extra bucks to be guaranteed an outlet and know that my seat wont be given up 30 minutes before my bus. \xa0At the end of the day buses still blow giant horse-cock and I cannot justify more than 3 stars. \xa0But I guess I consider Bolt pretty decent compared to the rest.', 'stars': '3', 'usefull_likes': '1'}
{'review': "Had a trip from NYC to Boston. On a very hot day, their AC wasn't working and the bus had no WiFi nor electricity to charge the phone.Disappointed.", 'stars': '1', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': 'The absolute worst experience I have ever had with a company. Not only was the bus late by 30 minutes, but the driver showed up at the time we were supposed to leave and HE didn\'t know where the bus was... I called the company and explained the situation and their response was "I\'m sorry but our tracking records aren\'t up to date, so we don\'t know where the bus is either." I was transferred 5 different times and was told this 5 different times. When the bus finally showed up, the driver wouldn\'t let passengers get on the bus because he and the last driver had to have a chat on our time. This was while customers were already standing in the 90 degree heat of NYC for 40 minutes. Due to leaving later, the bus is 2 1/2 hours off schedule. Do not use this company.', 'stars': '1', 'usefull_likes': '1'}
{'review': 'Boltbus is not my bus of choice, but I like that they have seating designations, so you know you\'ll get on board. \xa0I don\'t particularly like their seats, and the wi-fi has been hit or miss in the past. \xa0I do like that they have outlets. \xa0They even have a standby policy in case you miss your bus.The problem is, the stop is unmanned. \xa0I missed my bus, and the stop was unmanned. I didn\'t know where to go for Standby. \xa0By the time I figured it out, the bus was full, so I made sure to stand in the correct place for the next one.Of course, the following bus came extra late, just as some "Toddlers and Tiaras" event let out at the conference center that the stop is in front of. \xa0It was pure chaos, with no one there to man the lines. \xa0Unlike other in station locations with specific ropes that designate A/B/C and Standby, this is just a complete cluster.After the driver called all of the letters, he then asked for cash. WHAT? \xa0The policy of Boltbus according to their website is:What happens if I miss my schedule?Tickets are non-refundable and only good for travel on the schedule & date that you have purchased. You can utilize your ticket as a standby passenger on earlier or later schedules from your ticketed origin to your ticketed destination for your ticketed travel date. Standby passengers will board on a space available basis, and will only have a guaranteed seat on their ticketed schedule.Now, this bus driver is asking for cash?! \xa0And then some people just had confirmation numbers and no ticket printout or phone capture. \xa0The bus driver let some of them on and refused service others. \xa0He then asked for cash from standbys and when I told him that was not fair, he told me that \xa0I was not getting on the bus. \xa0He said only people who paid 25 cash were getting on the bus. \xa0He then took cash from a ticketless person and let him on the bus, and when the standby crowd made an uproar, he said, "Look we\'re out of seats any way. \xa0He\'s getting off." \xa0Wow. \xa0I think their primary issue is that they are unmanned and on the side of the street. \xa0Even though competitors, like Mega Bus are on the street, they have staff. \xa0It is too chaotic and too busy to have buses coming in and no staff to man the hot and chaotic crowds.I ended up leaving and going to another provider after that craziness.', 'stars': '2', 'usefull_likes': '1'}
{'review': "I've rode with quite a few different bus companies before but Bolt wins for the best overall experience. Purchasing tickets was easy as you go to their website, pick the location and times. You're then sent an email confirmation along with a letter ( A,B,C,D) which represent which line you'll be on to board the bus. A genius idea which prevents fools who love to push & shove to be first on the bus. \xa0Forgot to print out your ticket? Good, because you don't need it. Whip out the smart phone and show them the emailed confirmation code and you're set.My only complaint would be the leather seating which is hard as a rock. You also tend to slide off since the seats itself are not that spacious. Just hope you get the bus with the clothes seating. Wifi also comes standard on every bus. The quality of it is another story altogether. Both time I've rode on Bolt, the service was shotty. Every 6 tickets you buy ( round trip counts as 2) you get your 7th free which is nice. There's also a way to win 1 dollar tickets thou i'm not sure how, probably more info on the website itself.", 'stars': '4', 'usefull_likes': '1'}
{'review': "Boltbus gave us a warning saying that the bus routes might be canceled due to the weather, and when I called customer service they told me that if the bus was canceled, instead of getting a refund, they would reschedule us on a bus the following day. The rep emphasized that it was their responsibility to get us to our destination despite the weather. Well, Boltbus waited until the day before to cancel our bus ride due to the weather, and when we called to get rescheduled, they refused and repeatedly told us to buy a new ticket, which was three times more expensive than the previous tickets since we were buying a day before instead of a few months before! Even airlines reschedule you to the next available flight if the flight is canceled, they don't make you buy a new ticket on the spot! Very disappointed and angry they would treat customers like this.", 'stars': '1', 'usefull_likes': '1'}
{'review': 'My BoltBus journeyI travelled from Cherry Hill in NJ to NYC via BoltBus and had quite the fun trip. But you might be wondering why I only gave it one star, and the answer is that it vastly undershot my already lowered expectations, and I was lying about it being fun. Off to a good start? Keep reading. I had never taken a bus from cherry hill before, but assumed I could go to the mall and find a BoltBus sign or two. No luck. After getting to the mall, I found out that not only were there no signs, but the pickup stop wasn\'t on Google maps or their website either. On calling customer support, I was directed to "across from the red lobster", which is obviously -78.655677, 32.8876668 in map coordinates, so I don\'t know why they didn\'t just say that. This was actually the high point of this experience. On finding the "across from the red lobster", I found out why nobody knew where the bus stopped: the only sign was almost completely worn away and BoltBus was barely legible. since there was only one sign, it was probably 5"x12" to start and the words were faded, there was understandable confusion from 3 of my fellow bus mates who had found the stop as well. Once I got on the bus (15 minutes late, actually a positive), I wasted no time putting my adventure behind me. It\'s a fresh start, I thought. They have overhead storage for my coat - beats Megabus, I thought. Oh, how wrong I was. When I looked for the wifi, there...just wasn\'t any. I\'m used to the wifi being too slow to be useful, but at least Megabus has it. But that\'s more of a luxury. Once I sat down, I realized that the seat back charger was broken. Chargers are the single most important thing a bus can have to make sure the ride is pleasant, and I was not impressed that within seconds of sitting down all of the advertised luxuries of this bus were proven false. About 10 minutes in, I started to get the feeling that it was uncomfortably hot. Interestingly enough, the temperature was over 85 degrees in the bus, which was nice compared to outside and less than nice when inside wearing full winter gear. I noticed that everybody else was fairly dressed down. I understood why. Reports from the front of the bus determined that the heat was broken and would be fixed later. This was a less than helpful plan for our current situation. As my phone started entering the dying phase, I started making friends around me with the hope of borrowing an outlet. Nope, lady on my left\'s was broken too. Nope, seat behind me wasn\'t having any luck. Maybe the heat overload fried the battery?In summary...just take the Megabus. BoltBus is one of the worst bus trips I\'ve ever dealt with and I regularly commute from Philly to New York via bus. Good bye Bolt, it hasn\'t been a pleasure knowing you.', 'stars': '1', 'usefull_likes': '1'}
{'review': "Book early, book often - tickets sell out faster than you'd think. I'm largely a fan of BoltBus for their Wi-Fi and dependability; I've sat in a BoltBus without leather seats, but wasn't too crushed since I still had easy-access outlets.Hopefully you're lucky enough to get Brian as your driver: he's as customer-oriented as they come, and a safe and efficient driver.", 'stars': '4', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "They used to be great, but now:- Buses always full (expect to be packed in like sardines).- Ticket prices on wkends/holidays are easily $40-$50 one-way (double what it used to be though gas is cheap now).- Lots more fees than other buses (transaction fees, ticketing fees, change fees, facility fees). They charged me literally FOUR different fees to change a ticket a week in advance. Plus I had to call in & spend 10-min on the phone to do it; no online option.- Their website showed I was 2 tix away from a free ride. Then I bought a ticket & the website updated to say I was 6 rides away from a free ride(?!). They also expired my rewards points w/o any notice.- Customer service has really gone downhill.So sad, Boltbus used to be my favorite. From now on I'm taking GoBuses to Boston, and use other buses to DC.", 'stars': '1', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "BE VERY CAREFUL WHEN YOU BOOK. There is a zero refund policy and near holidays there are steep upcharges that their competitors don't have (i.e. Megabus). If you've been using BB for a while like I have, or it's been a while since you've used it, just know the prices have increased drastically. I'm kicking myself for my late Thanksgiving buy because Megabus was $20 less and Amtrak was only $25 more - which would have been faster. Additionally, Megabus has departures far earlier than BB even starts (9:30am from NYC to DC is the first bus that day so you arrive after 1:00pm - half the day is gone, so hopefully you don't have a job that requires you to be there the day before a holiday and thus, having to travel ON a holiday. You'll miss half the festivities!!).Also their wi-fi is very spotty and some of their buses are really old. I've been taken unannounced through Philly. I've had the bus breakdown on the highway for an hour and a half where we all had to transfer buses on the side of the highway. Overall, this line used to be a great, shiny alternative to Chinabuses or Greyhound, and definitely made buses an attractive and inexpensive option if you're traveling within a particular region. But now it's getting steep and the quality of service has declined. After this trip, I probably won't take it again.", 'stars': '4', 'usefull_likes': '7'}
{'review': "Just to be clear, this review is for Bolt Bus customer service.Having ridden Bolt Bus on numerous occasions between multiple cities over the past five years, it was my go-to method of transportation between Northeastern cities. So when finally, due to a last-minute change of plans (not on my end, and at a very bad time for me), I called to see if I could get a refund- or at the very least change my ticket for an open one at a later date- I was given the run-around by six different agents in three different departments.Ultimately I was told that to change my ticket, it would incur a $4 fee, and must be date-specific, and that there is a no-refund policy, period. Having worked in a customer service role myself, I know that exceptions can be made, but unfortunately I didn't reach an agent who was willing to help me, and was instead directed to speak with a different agent in every department, and to spend a total of a half an hour on the phone.So unless you are 100% positive that you can ride the bus for when you reserve it, don't book with Bolt Bus. Customer Service isn't in place to serve the customer because for them, there is no concept of the customer. Their sole concern is every dollar that they can siphon from you, and it doesn't matter if they would have made more by retaining you as a customer. You are expendable. There will always be someone else.Unless they become as gritty as their parent company, Greyhound.", 'stars': '2', 'usefull_likes': '4'}
{'review': "Do not take this bus. The promised Wifi didn't work on the way to Boston, made a random long stop when the bus was supposed to be express and arrive to the place in 4 and fifteen minutes. Instead we were late by 40 minutes. The driver himself was very weird and kept honking at multiple cars and making sudden stops.", 'stars': '1', 'usefull_likes': '3'}
{'review': "Bus is clean and comfortable. \xa0Price is good. \xa0My one complaint - the driver gets on the bus, we start moving and he says he has to make a stop in downtown Manhattan before we depart for Philadelphia (during morning rush hour!) and the next bus (30 minutes later) would have gotten us to Philly earlier than he will. \xa0Okay, we were at the bus stop for 15 minutes before the bus arrived and on the bus for another 10 minutes before we departed - why didn't they tell us this before we departed? \xa0Even better, why doesn't the Bolt schedule clearly indicate this?", 'stars': '1', 'usefull_likes': '2'}
{'review': 'I make frequent trips to the DMV area to visit my family. \xa0I started with Greyhound. \xa0Then I learned of a cheaper option - the "Chinese Bus". \xa0HORRIBLE experience! \xa0So my Sister told me to try Bolt Bus and I\'ve been using them every since.Leather seats, outlets and wifi. \xa0Need I say more?! \xa0One of the reasons I prefer them over the "Chinese Bus" is because if you buy a ticket, you have a seat. \xa0Where the other bus company worked on a first come, first served basis... unless of course, you were Asian. \xa0Bolt works from a letter grading system. \xa0So the sooner you buy your ticket, the higher up your letter is. \xa0So the "A" group gets on the bus first. \xa0Then the "B" and finally the "C". \xa0And then if there are any seats available, they call for the standby customers. \xa0If you go earlier, you may be able to get on an earlier bus if there are seats available.I always travel Friday nights and it\'s always a mad house, but compared to other bus complanies, I\'ll take it!', 'stars': '3', 'usefull_likes': '1'}
{'review': "If I could give 0 stars I would. I had booked a bus to go home and visit my parents, but my grandmother unfortunately died a few days before my trip. When I attempted to change my ticket so I could go home for the funeral, customer service was awful. I was on the phone for an hour and transferred to 3 different people, and was eventually hung up on. I had originally paid $17 for my ticket. The ticket for the new bus was $10 + a $5 rebooking fee. Since the new ticket would have cost $15, and I already paid $17, I shouldn't have owed anything. However, each of the 3 people I spoke to insisted I owed $5 more dollars, so I would have paid $22 for a ticket that only cost $15. The heartless manager that I spoke to refused to waive the fee even after I explained my grandmother had died and I needed to get to a funeral. She then hung up on me. I disputed the charge with my credit card company and got refunded. I scheduled a Mega Bus instead. They are a much more convenient and professional company.", 'stars': '1', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "For the price of $25/way from NY to Washington DC, you get the bang for your bucks. However, going towards the Lincoln Tunnel was probably my biggest nightmare. We were basically hurky-jerkying all 5 hours. On the website, they say it'll only be 3-4 hours to get to DC, however that all depends on the tunnels. It literally took us nearly 5 hours and my mind was ready to explode. The WiFi never ever works so don't count on it. It only worked for about 5 minutes because i was the first few on the bus. Once people get on it, you're basically on your own! Oh by the way, 99% of the time, the outlet does not work.The bathrooms were clean though.", 'stars': '3', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "I've taken several different bus lines from Boston to NYC, as well as amtraks NER line. Protip: if you book a couple weeks in advance the train is only $50, and it's much less hassle! That said, any more than that I don't think it's worth it, unless you need actual working wifi the seating isn't much better (although the train does have tray tables). Not a single bus line I've been on has had actual usable working wifi, including Bolt (I mean, it had a wireless network with full bars, but it wasn't actually connected to the Internet. I don't bother asking the drivers anymore). Someone needs to sue these bus lines or something because this is flagrant false advertising. But bolt DID have working outlets, unlike megabus. Bolt also has boarding groups, so you can get prime seating if you're in group A. For this ride, the bus wasn't even completely filled, so I got two seats to myself. Definitely made the experience much more comfortable... I paid $33 for a last minute one way ticket, which is still a great price. Next time I ride it'll be with bolt!", 'stars': '4', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': 'Had overall, a good experience with BoltBus on my trip to Boston. Left right on time and arrived in Boston at the expected time. They do not have a functional wifi even tho they advertise it. They do have outlets although its not the best as the plugs do easily come out. Between this and Megabus - definitely go with Boltbus.', 'stars': '3', 'usefull_likes': '8'}
{'review': "I've taken this bus several times for DC-NYC. \xa0Pros:Bus is reasonably clean and comfortableDriving is fine. \xa0Cheap pricesCons:Electrical outlets don't always workNo water given (unlike Bestbus) - even water for sale would be so appreciated.Pickup location in midtown (33rd and 11th) is not close to any public transport. \xa0I prefer Bestbus' pickup location right next to Port Authority/ Times Square. \xa0All in all, a decent value, but some minor drawbacks.", 'stars': '3', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': 'Comfortable and safe! Great cheap option. Prefer bolt bus over flying...more space...no checked luggage...you can charge your electronics...there is free wifi (although wifi on bus is hit or miss and you cant stream). highly recommend', 'stars': '5', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "I struggle to even give this experience 1 star. We arrived at our pickup destination 30 minutes early in 105 degree heat. We stood in several lines unaware of what was going on due to the lack of information. As our bus arrival time passed people began to get very agitated yet the people working offered no information. We stood out at the stop without any benches or places to sit for an hour past the busses arrival time. People repeatedly asked the workers where the bus was and no information compensation or even explanation was offered. It was a miracle no one passed out as there is no shade. Eventually a driver showed up only to learn it wasn't our bus. By the time we got on the bus it was an hour and 15 minutes past the arrival time and the bus wasn't even ours. They had no idea where our driver had even gone. The bus was dingy and old. The AC was barely working and the seatbelt was broken as well making for a terribly uncomfortable 5 hour trip. I highly recommend finding any and every other option available for your transportation needs. Very disappointing. Wish I had just splurged on the train.", 'stars': '1', 'usefull_likes': '2'}
{'review': "I take the bolt bus back and forth from baltimore to NYC every few months. It's pretty inconsistent. About half the time I've have seamless rides where the bus shows up on time, we board by letter (A, B, or C) without chaos, and we arrive on time. The other half of the time has been chaos with no mediator at the stop, bus delayed 1.5 hours and no refund or apology. Also has a horrible experience where the weather and traffic delayed the bus 3 hours (clearly not the fault of bolt bus).I've consistently has wireless (very slow), electrical outlets (except the first row), and clean seats.Overall I take bolt bus because its cheap and I hear that other competitors may be worse.", 'stars': '3', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "Nice buses but over priced and terrible customer service.Just a heads up- WiFi is not expected to be running on most of the buses, at least well. It's so common that its considered an extra in your ticket price. Greyhound owns Boltbus and occassionally Boltbus will use Greyhound buses (which are renovated and just as nice as boltbus). From now on, I rather take the cheaper bus lines than to pay a premium for the chance that I might have Wifi.", 'stars': '1', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "Horrible. We had reservations for a 3.30pm trip from Boston to NYC, and when we arrived at the gate thy said the bus was full and they will 'try to put us on another bus'. They overbooked the bus, accepted people who were on the waiting list and our seats were taking. Nobody took responsibility for any mistake, instead saying that it was our fault for arriving 15min before the bus leaves. Everybody ignored our complaint, even when we called the customer service, always blaming it on somebody else. There are many bus companies to choose from and they are a lot more professional in their customer service. On top of that, their buses are filthy, uncomfortable and the power outlet do not work.", 'stars': '1', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "I regularly take buses from NYC to DC and bolt is reliably the best of all (mega, greyhound, DC2NY). yup, the most legroom (I'm tall so that's a big plus) as well as the most reliably on schedule. in case anyone from bolt ever reads these, wanted to give a shout out to Kelvin, perhaps the best bus driver I've ever had. welcoming, friendly, professional. chatted with everyone. got us there on time. what more can you ask?the fact that I can go multiple states away for less than a taxi from Manhattan to BK still blows my mind. I get aggravated reading people's reviews bc they're upset there's not always an indoor pickup etc etc. these tickets are CHEAP. it's like buying a McDonald's hamburger and complaining it's not cooked to medium. if you want all the amenities of travel, spend $100 more and take the train.", 'stars': '5', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "The following letter was written to customer service:Dear Bolt Bus,I would like a portion of the bus operators salary for my 11:30 AM trip this past Saturday (NY-DC, Confirmation A12-1042234-15) , since I, in fact, was the navigator. Never in all my years of bus travel, have I ever heard a bus driver request direction assistance from passengers because he didn't know how to take an alternate route to avoid traffic.Luckily, I knew shortcuts or we'd still be on the NJ Turnpike.Please tell me you train your drivers on alternate routes down to DC when traffic conditions preclude the normal routes, or are they really that ignorant? Also, please let me know if they know any other route to the Grand St. pick-up location, other than the one this driver took, which was so crowded, it took 45 minutes to go 2 blocks?I hate to think it's company policy to send out drivers with absolutely no knowledge of how to get around cities when needed, or have GPS in buses to help them. If not, then Bolt Bus can hire me to be official company navigator on its routes, since it is obvious that your operators are in desperate need of knowing how to get around severe congestion. Let me know when we can schedule the interview, and I can bring along all the alternate routes that I know of to DC, Baltimore, Philly and Boston.I'll even let you keep the list for a nominal fee so others in the company can know where to go when traffic hits. I'm sure you offer competitive salary and benefits to your navigators and I'll be looking forward to your response.Did I also mention the lack of electrical power, WiFi and the disgusting bathroom on Bus 0816? I have a cousin who's an electrician. Perhaps you can hire him to fix your continuing electrical issues on your coaches. He's more qualified than anyone you have now. Let me know and I'll email him with the job description.Of course any well-run business would want to keep their customers happy and would offer a full refund for the 2 seats I purchased for this trip, seeing that I was put to work by the company. You can even add it to the money I'm going to be formally requesting from your CFO for my job as Navigator on your trip. Let me know how this can happen or what the pay is for my day of employment with your company.A copy of this letter is being sent to company president Brian Stefano and to Customer Service Manager Michael Cruise. I'm sure they would love to hear about how a simple passenger single-handedly directed a Bolt Bus off the tyranny of the NJ Turnpike and on to the freedom of another route, thereby saving the company's driver the stigma of being a bigger idiot than he was previously.Maybe other people would like to be employed as Navigators, so I'll be reprinted this letter on travel sites and review pages for others to apply.", 'stars': '1', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "First time I booked a Bolt Bus. \xa0 It was $15 from Boston to NYC and after having this experience, I wondered why I wasted my time on Amtrak for so many years. \xa0I had booked a 6:30 p.m. bus out of Boston So. Station \xa0on a Saturday night and got there a little early..like an hour. \xa0They let me on the 5:30 p.m. bus no problem and no extra fee. \xa0The ride was a quick 4 hours..the fastest I've had in a LONGGGG time to NYC...no stops like on Amtrak's annoying Northeast Regional line where the norm is at least an hour late into Penn Station. \xa0The bus was clean and quiet. \xa0The bus driver, TESSA was amazingly competent; \xa0it was a smooth break free ride. \xa0 Even when we got into NYC. \xa0The best part of this whole experience was that I accidentally left my laptop on the bus and went home and when I got there, I realized I left my expensive laptop on the bus.. Called Bolt Bus and the driver had turned it in and I was able to pick it up the next day. \xa0It was a great experience and NO I don't work for Bolt Bus.", 'stars': '2', 'usefull_likes': '4'}
{'review': 'This is the first review I\'ve ever written on Yelp - probably because I just had the worst customer service experience of my life. I rarely travel on buses but I booked one from NYC to DC to visit my family. \xa0My girlfriend and I got to the pick up location per the email confirmation (6th ave btw Watts and Grand St) and we even found another passenger waiting at the pick up stop. \xa0We were all looking for the bolt bus to come and after 10 minutes after the bus was supposed to be there, I decided to call their customer service rep to check the status of the bus, assuming that there were delays. \xa0This is where it gets fun. And by fun, I mean so horrific that it actually induced tears on my part. \xa0The customer service rep, Monica, was SO RUDE that I was actually in shock that they could employ someone who speaks to people that way. \xa0She refused to help me in any and blamed us for missing the bus and insisted it was our fault. When I told her that there was no Bolt Bus that even passed our pick up location, she informed me that it was because it was a Greyhound bus that stopped bc the bolt bus was broken down. WAIT WHAT? No emails were sent to inform us of this change, how was I suppose to know that? I did see this Greyhound bus that she referred to but it stopped about 2 blocks from the pick up location that was listed and didn\'t think anything of it since I was waiting for a Bolt not a Greyhound. I told her all this and she again insisted that it was our fault and that she was unwilling to help us in any way, \xa0We told her that there were 3 of us waiting and that we even had about 9 NYPD officers that were ready to also testify to this bc we asked them all about the bus and they said we were in the right place. \xa0She said, "that\'s great that you made friends with the NYPD". Thanks, Monica. \xa0I told her that I work in customer service and I\'ve never met anyone that was so unwilling to help a customer in need even when Bolt was in the wrong. Her response: "that\'s great that you work in customer service for a living." Is she serious? I would easily get fired for speaking this way to a customer. I asked to speak to her manager and she said she had none. I asked if I could be transferred to someone else and she said no. The only way to talk to anyone else is to call back and start over. I called back and who did I get? MONICA. I started crying realizing I was going to miss my family dinner. Once I gathered myself, I call back again, and I get a lovely woman named Corinne who directed us to the next bus at another stop and was beyond pleasant. Was that really so hard Monica?I will never travel with Bolt again. I\'ve never experienced such horrible customer service and I\'ve never been treated so badly. DO NOT TAKE THIS BUS!', 'stars': '5', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': 'The bus itself was awsome but left my bag on the bus from Philadelphia to ny and \xa0I keep calling there costumer service but keep getting put on hold with no answer for 30 minutes at a time, I just want my bag back....', 'stars': '1', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "To counter the many negative reviews on Bolt Bus, I thought I'd put a positive review up. First up, we paid $14 per ticket. Amtrack wanted $70 per ticket, Bolt Bus won. The bus was a few minutes late leaving, but the boarding process was fairly smooth, the driver pleasant and helpful. WiFi was slow, but still useable. The bus was about half an hour late getting in, so I deducted a star. Everything worked and was clean enough. Would use them again (and can't really complain for the price we paid!)", 'stars': '1', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': 'I recently had the pleasure of traveling to Boston on an overnight trip. \xa0I had driven up a few weeks prior with a buddy, and I found the drive to be dull and relatively expensive (one tank of gas + tolls + overnight parking at a hotel). \xa0Enter Boltbus. A friend who moved up to Boston vouched for the service and the price, and so I decided to give it a try. \xa0Round trip from NYC to Boston was around $35, which wouldn\'t have even covered my tank of gas in my car. \xa0This alone made it worth it; being able to relax and nap on the way up was just icing on the cake.ArrivalThe NYC to BOS trip starts on a street corner about 3 blocks from the 33rd St PATH station. \xa0The line was a bit of a mess when it came time to board since there were no designated separate lines for "A", "B\', or "C" passengers (when you buy a ticket, you get a letter on the ticket; this tells you when you can board. The Boston station was much more organized). The BusThe NYC bus was relatively new, and it was easy to stuff your luggage in the compartment under the bus. Stupidly, I assumed that the number on your ticket was your assigned seat number, so I went all the way to the back and sat in a row with no electrical outlet. \xa0I later found out that you can take any seat you want, and most of the electrical outlets were in the front half of the bus. Oh well, live and learn.There was wifi on board but it was painfully slow for anything other than light web browsing. A much better option (which I\'m currently doing right now on my way back from BOS to NYC) is to plug your smartphone into the outlet and use a free tethering app to browse the web on your tablet/laptop. Finally Verizon data is useful!The rideStraightforward both ways (well, at least so far). The NYC - BOS made it almost exactly in the 4hr 15 min published time, even though we stopped for about 10 mins at a rest stop in Mass. \xa0Not sure if the driver will be stopping on the way back to NYC. \xa0Riding StandbyIf you don\'t buy a ticket ahead of time, or if you have a ticket for an earlier/later ride, you can get on the standby line. If the ride isn\'t full (it usually isn\'t), you should be able to get on the bus. \xa0My morning ride had about 10 empty spots that were filled by standby passengers, and my return leg had about 20 empty seats (currently have 2 seats to myself - win!)Other thoughtsSeats reclined and were generally pretty comfy. \xa0AC worked and wasn\'t unbearably cold. Food/drink is allowed on board. Overall - 4.5 stars, would definitely be a 5 if their wifi signal were stronger', 'stars': '4', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': 'Mediocre Bus Service Had the opportunity to try BoltBus from Washington DC to NYC \xa0this morning based on WP review of bus companies. \xa0Not impressed compared to MegaBus. No one in waiting area. We formed a que at the sign that said "Bolt Bus Passenger Queing Area". We were there 15 minutes before departure but no bus. A Greyhound marked bus arrived at a few minutes before the departure time. The driver told us we were in the wrong spot. Interesting as no one was around to assist us (unlike MegaBus). The only thing that marked it as a Bolt Bus was the hat the driver was wearing. The bus itself is adequate similar in design and comfort to the Greyhound busses I used to take home from college 40 years ago. The driver was pleasant and professional. The ride uneventful. So given a choice for the same fare I would recommend MegaBus-better organized, cleaner more modern, and more comfortable busses.', 'stars': '4', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "I used to be a frequent rider on bolt. They used to be great, new buses, leather seats, very clean. In the past 2 years I can say the quality has gone down immensely. If I could give 0 stars I would. The last time I rode bolt ( a few months ago) the bus broke down on the highway halfway between ny and Boston. Myself and a few other passengers decided we would take an uber the rest of the way as we were told we would have to wait 2.5 hours for another bus to get us and we were on the side of the highway in not a very safe spot. Although I didn't take the bus back the next day, one of the people I took the uber with told me that his bolt bus broke down on the way back. I contacted bolt customer service multiple times for a refund and never heard back from them. I will NEVER ride them again and urge everyone reading this to not ride bolt. They are unsafe, unreliable, and dirty. Your money will be better spent on mega bus.", 'stars': '2', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "Talk about a clusterfuck.I normally take Greyhound (which OWNS Bolt Bus) when I need to travel to another state that does not require flying. \xa0I usually suck up my pride and go into dirty Port Authority and board my bus there. \xa0This time, however, a friend of ours suggested Bolt Bus for a trip to Boston. \xa0I said okay sine 1) it was relatively cheap and 2) I heard such rave reviews about it.First you find your bus location on 34th and 8th. \xa0There appear to be a million lines all merging into one as you wait. \xa0Finally, a Bolt Bus employee starts announcing the buses and you begin to board based on your boarding letter: either A, B, or C. \xa0Before that, though they make you stand against the wall of the Tick Tock Diner (ugh) with no sense of direction. \xa0Once you're on your new line to board the bus, it's up to you to shove your bags underneath (Greyhound will typically have someone do this for you) and you show your confirmation email to the driver to board.The ride itself isn't bad and the way it's handled in Boston is great! \xa0In Boston, they make sure you're lined up as A, B, or C in advance. \xa0Going there, the ride was 4 hours. \xa0Coming back it was only a little more than 3 hours. \xa0They also took different routes going to and from. \xa0I really should give more stars considering the trip was safe and there are outlets at EVERY seat on the newer buses but something about the lack of organization prior to boarding really irked me.", 'stars': '1', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': 'I am only 75% happy with my service today. I rose roundtrip from Boston to NYC with 21people. My first issue was that i tried to get group rate but the beat they can do is group of 8; therefore we had 3 different prices plus fees. I originally purchased 26 tix. When i inquired about making changed to the other 5 tix i was told the schedule only goes out 6 weeks rather than the 2 months which i needed (to book in january)Our driver Aidan was very nice and courteous on our way to NYC. He made an announcement publicly to the entire bus including telling us his name. He hot u in about 10 min early! We were once again given priority seating not only because we were group A but also because we were a large group. \xa0Once we got on the bus, the driver asked the other passengers for a moment before letting them on. He then proceed to inform us that we needed to make sure to keep our voices down during the trip! He never gave additional instructions nor his name to the bus!', 'stars': '3', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "I take this bus twice a week. It's generally on time, and comfortable. The tickets are about as cheap as it gets when going from Philly to NYC, too. The fact that they have a Cherry Hill Mall stop is great for me. Okay, so the staff can be a little rude and their setup is unorganized. So what. They are 1,000,000 times better than the Megabus.", 'stars': '5', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "Horrible. I bought a ticket for a 4pm bus leaving from NYC to DC. I arrived 20 minutes early( although the the website said 15 minutes is adequate) and after4 still no bus... It's 85 degrees and there's no bench or shade at the bus stop so everyone is waiting in the sun for a bus that's supposed to leave at 4 and hasn't even arrived. Never again!I usually take the Chinatown buses because although not high quality they leave and arrive on time. I decided to try bolt bus because It was a few dollars cheaper, supposed to be faster and had outlets to charge your phone.Big mistake.", 'stars': '1', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "Bolt Bus is always my go-to bus company when traveling from New York to Boston. Buses have always been on time. Outlets always work. Bus is always clean. Wi-Fi is slow, but I never use it anyway. Most importantly, I feel safe when traveling. This is especially important because I like to travel to Boston around Christmas time, when it's cold, dark and snow/ice is on the ground. Because of Bolt Bus, I will find it hard to ever make the 4 hour drive again. I can sit back, listen to music, browse the web, etc for a mere $20 while Bolt Bus does all the work.", 'stars': '5', 'usefull_likes': '5'}
{'review': "I took Bolt from NYC to Boston. The wifi on the bus was so slow that it was totally unusable. Also, the bus takes an unbelievably slow route. At many times, we could have taken a different route, but we plugged on through the slowest rush hour route in Hartford. We probably could have arrived an hour earlier at least, according to google maps. That really frustrates me because I was visiting the northeast for a short period and spending five and a half hours in traffic for no reason wasn't a great use of time. Bus drivers should have GPS too...", 'stars': '1', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "These seats are destroying my back!!! I actually like Bolt Bus, but I don't think I will ever ride it again due to the awful, awful posture these slippery seats cause.They're leather (or faux-leather) and cause you to constantly slide down in your seat. My first ride (NYC to DC) was so hard on my back that I bought a pillow for the return trip. No luck. I still keep slipping down in my seat and it's wreaking havoc on my lower back. For anyone with even minimal susceptibility to back pain, be warned!The prices are fine and Bolt tends to attract a quiet crowd, which I appreciate. Wifi is quite weak. I appreciate that the buses are clean. But the seats are unacceptable. And the pickup/dropoff in NYC is between 11th and 12th Sts - inconvenient at best, downright unsafe at night.Farewell, Bolt.", 'stars': '2', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': 'I rarely wrote reviews on Yelp, but the driver for our NYC to DC Bolt bus (12/30 3:30pm) was so rude that I felt I had to write something. \xa0It was cold and windy on the bus stop, a lot of people were waiting for the bus in the wind with no seating. The bus was parked right next to us for 30 min but the driver made no attempt to let passengers in. The passengers at the front were so pissed that they started an argument with the driver. Even with the argument he only let us in 10 min before the departure, with a poker face like everyone owns him money.On the bus he was also rude, he warned us DO NOT Put our bags to the overhead storage until he checked us, What kind of manner is it!!!! There is no welcome message at all unlike the other bolt bus I took. He is really the rudest bus driver I ever met, and definitely deserve a proper complaint here.', 'stars': '1', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "DC to NYC, the Wifi didn't work at all. Driver McDaniels was very courteous. The only negative was Attitude Man making 'last call' as I arrived. I don't know if it's in his job description to glare at people, but if so--high marks. NYC to DC is a little more chaotic since everyone is standing on the sidewalk. Driver kinda barked at me over the A/B/C issue. I didn't see anything relevant to that on the website so didn't know. The buses are comfortable. Only about half the rows have outlets, though, so if you need one, be sure to grab a seat near an outlet as you get on.", 'stars': '4', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': 'BoltBus is a great way to travel, East Coast and West Coast-both NYC/Philadelphia route and San Jose, CA to Los Angeles-reliable bus company and wifi/electric outlets are bonus amenities-HAPPY TRAVELS!!', 'stars': '4', 'usefull_likes': '1'}
{'review': "Just came back on this from Washington DC to NYCCan't fault the service. Comfortable left on time arrived 5 minutes late, but whos complaining.We came back at 5.30 pm so lack of traffic and mild weather may have something to do the comfort but great service, driver was excellent. Will definitely use again if the need arises", 'stars': '5', 'usefull_likes': '5'}
{'review': '$16 RT from Philly to NYC, what a steal!! Each way was about 2 hours drive. BoltBus was punctual! Hmmm, we originally were planning to stay in Philly our entire trip, but some things came up, and we decided to venture to NYC for 24 hours. We were up 20 hours of the 24 hours, so you can imagine we were knocked out during the bus ride, both ways!Anyhow, there was no problem boarding the bus, and they are mobile friendly! You can just pull up your ticket on the phone, and they will let you in.We were picked up near UPenn (about 15 minute walk), and dropped off near time square (about 15 minute walk). Very convenient locations. I would def use this method of transportation in the future if I were in NYC or Philly again!', 'stars': '5', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "NYC to DC reviewI've taken megabus to DC before and Bolt Bus is a much better experience!- ON TIME!- boarding based on group numbers A, B, C- good leg room space- bathrooms don't smell- drivers are very professional- bolt bus tells people to turn their music down, turn cellphones off, etc- this route has a 15 minute rest stop to use bathrooms and buy food/snacks/drinks half way- outlets for every one (i remember megabus would have outlets every x-amount of seats)- free wifi (doesn't really work though, it's very spotty / on and off all the time)", 'stars': '4', 'usefull_likes': '1'}
{'review': "I have taken the Bolt Bus many times over the years, mostly from New York to Boston and New York to DC. \xa0They are on a fast decline. \xa0This last trip to DC this past 4th of July weekend, the AC was not working, nor were the power outlets. \xa0The driver was also 40 minutes late.On the return trip from DC to NY, thankfully the AC worked (barely) but still no power in the outlets.Oh, and they also charged me $28 when I realized I had made a mistake on a booking date and needed to change it.I will no longer be using Bolt Bus. \xa0Would rather pay a few extra dollars for Megabus. \xa0I've never had a problem with them.", 'stars': '1', 'usefull_likes': '2'}
{'review': 'I take the bus pretty regularly between NYC and DC because I live within walking distance of the stop at Grand and 6th, which makes it easier than going all the way to Penn Station. \xa0Boarding at Grand St is not that bad and If you travel at times when there is not much traffic you can actually make it in close to four hours which is nice. \xa0It is not very comfortable but that\'s why it\'s cheap. \xa0My main complaint is that the WiFi does not work EVER. \xa0Even if the network shows up it is impossible to connect to it, and the drivers are unable to fix it. \xa0I finally gave up a few months ago and purchased a data plan for my ipad, but it\'s really frustrating because the money you save by taking the bus just goes toward that. \xa0I really wish that they would fix this problem or stop stating that they have free wifi, because a network that no one can connect to doesn\'t really qualify as "free wifi."', 'stars': '3', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "Our bus to DC is scheduled to leave at 6:30 AM. It is now 6:33, there are approximately 30 people here, and we're all staring at an empty curb. Way to keep your customers satisfied.This is my first time taking BoltBus, and I guarantee you that this will also be the last.", 'stars': '1', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "I was really squished and uncomfortable, and the internet didn't work well enough for me to get any work done. Nevertheless, I'm still giving it 3 stars because it was inexpensive, the seats recline, and the driver didn't scare me. Strongly suggest you buy your tickets online for best deal (save $10 or more that way).", 'stars': '3', 'usefull_likes': '1'}
{'review': "Honestly, the service has indeed gotten worse since I started traveling on BoltBus in 2011. I think the lack of the Chinatown buses has congested BoltBus and MegaBus to the point where it's a total crapshoot.That being said, the drop-off location in Baltimore at 1616 Saint Paul is enough reason to consider this bus over the Megabus and Greyhound. The hassles you have to deal with on weekends are typical but if you are traveling weekdays, there shouldn't be too many issues. For example, I traveled on a Tuesday evening (yesterday) and had no issues getting on. The bus was on time and the line-up was orderly. We arrived in Baltimore a little later than I would have liked, but the 15 minute stop in Delaware or New Jersey never bothers me.The outlets weren't working on my side of the bus, a first in my time riding BoltBus, but it was still a pleasant ride.Book early, book often, save money, save time. BoltBus, I'll continue to patronize you.", 'stars': '3', 'usefull_likes': '3'}
{'review': 'Bolt is just ok. \xa0The price is right. \xa0They get you where you\'re going, usually within an hour of the time you were supposed to get there. \xa0But they\'ve progressively pushed my business away due to the disorder and unprofessionalism I\'ve consistently witnessed over my past few trips.I always have to board by the Penn Station Sbarro\'s. \xa0They don\'t have lines set up. \xa0I understand that they don\'t have the ability to do so since they use a street corner for loading and unloading. \xa0But they also don\'t have attendants that are helping to direct people to the proper lines. \xa0During any day, especially during the holidays, it\'s a mob scene. \xa0This scene is aided by the drivers and attendants being rather inconsistent about adhering to the boarding pass tiers. \xa0They assign each ticket a group code - A, B, or C - with a subsequent number. \xa0The whole selling point is that you get to board in the order you purchased the ticket, not in the order you arrived at the loading point. \xa0But people just shove to get on the bus first and the attendants/drivers often do nothing. \xa0You could argue, "What are they gonna go? \xa0It\'s New York!" \xa0I retort, "Yeah...but no. \xa0As a long time teacher and public transportation rider, I\'ve noticed one commonality: if you, the person in charge, set down a rule/boundary and don\'t allow those in your charge to get what they want until they adhere, most everyone tends to fall in line."My breaking point was being unnecessarily delayed by half an hour because a driver let his ego/pride get in the way and literally called the police on a passenger. \xa0Was the passenger being rude? \xa0Yes. \xa0Was there some just call for his rudeness? \xa0Yes. \xa0He was a guy who gets car sick if he can\'t sit in the front row where he can see the road. \xa0Legitimate reason to need to sit in that seat. \xa0He was rude about getting the seat and moved the driver\'s belongings without kindly requesting the seat from the driver. \xa0But the driver got really rude and told the customer he didn\'t give a crap if he got sick, he wasn\'t getting the seat because he shouldn\'t have been rude. \xa0Then, when the guy won\'t move, the drivers gets off the bus to call the police, shouting about how he can kick anyone off the bus for interfering with its timely operation.What??!! \xa0I know they work very long hours and that driving so much is tiring. \xa0I\'ve done it. \xa0I feel ya. \xa0But you\'re in a customer service position and not all customers are pleasant to deal with. \xa0You have 40/50 some other customers to serve, not just the one prick. \xa0We can all see that, while the customer started out being inconsiderate, he\'s actually now really worried about getting sick on the bus. \xa0You also had an elderly woman telling you she\'s going to miss her out-patient operation if you didn\'t arrive on time. \xa0So get past your pride, let the guy have his seat so we don\'t have to smell puke the entire trip, and move on.So, suffice it to say, I\'m a Megabus person now. \xa0If they\'re sold out, I\'ll deal with Bolt. \xa0But I will pay any extra, whatever it may be, to do Mega first. \xa0Besides the fact that I\'ve never encountered such horrid behavior from one of their drivers, they have their own dedicated lot which is awesomely organized for efficient loading. \xa0They also have some better drop off points in major cities and really don\'t cost that much more, if not the exact same amount of money as Bolt. \xa0The only catch is that you\'re boarded on a first come, first served basis. \xa0If you cut it too close, since they - like every other discount public transportation service out there - oversell the buses, you might have to wait for the next departure. \xa0At the same time, if they have room on an earlier bus, they\'ll load people from a later bus without charging an upgrade fee. \xa0Pretty sweet!', 'stars': '2', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "Not bad, not awesome, but a decent ride. I took the bus on a Saturday from NYC to Boston. I do notice though that these buses are quite congested now that all the China town buses have gone. There was a long line of stand by's (I had purchased my ticket in advance thankfully) but I think the days of being able to sit by yourself on a ride are over because they either sell every seat in advance, and if not there are tons of stand by passengers waiting to grab the last empty seats. All in all not a bad ride. Made it to Boston on time, maybe 15 minutes or so late which isn't bad. Aside from sitting next to someone who didn't check their giant guitar case and insisted on holding it on their lap (and part of mine I might add...) that wasn't so much fun, but that is no fault of Bolt Bus.", 'stars': '4', 'usefull_likes': '1'}
{'review': "This was my first and last time (hopefully) riding Bolt to and from NYC to DC. The bus did not have wifi. There was no place to put trash. The back axel sounded like it was bent. It was around 74 deg in the bus whole time. Several chairs had broken or missing outlets. The bus driver kept pumping on the accelerator and brakes. The seats did not have any holders or pockets. There was no one at the terminal line to tell passengers any information. \xa0I am glad I didn't have to use the restroom on board. I would look for other options to DC.", 'stars': '1', 'usefull_likes': '3'}
{'review': "It's a bus. A cheap bus with WiFi, plugs and friendly drivers. If we had more money, we'd be taking a train, limo, or helicopter. So - for what it is - it's great. My only complaint; I wish they served hot cheesy macaroni with each ride.", 'stars': '4', 'usefull_likes': '8'}
{'review': 'Comes with free explosion:gothamist.com/2015/05/14"BoltBus, however, doesn\'t seem overly concerned with its bus literally exploding on the side of a Massachusetts turnpike."', 'stars': '1', 'usefull_likes': '2'}
{'review': 'Despite prominent advertising of their wifi and outlet services, Boltbus more often than not has non functioning outlets and/or WiFi. Entirely unpredictable, makes for frustrating travel experience.', 'stars': '1', 'usefull_likes': '4'}
{'review': 'Our trip from NYC to Washington,DC was pretty OK, though the driver never turned-on the reading lights (afternoon trip) and there was no functioning wi fi for anyone. Mainly, however, I am posting this cautionary tale as a public service to others.A young lady waiting with us had a paid and CONFIRMED reservation from NY to Philadelphia. Her bus pulled up and she attempted to board with her heavy luggage, only to be told to her total shock and dismay by the driver that he was sorry but there were no empty seats left. \xa0She was left on the street in downtown Manhattan \xa0with a ton of luggage and no way to reach Philly. BEWARE.', 'stars': '3', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "I bought the wrong tickets. I wanted to travel between NYC and DC with my trip originating in New York. Accidentally (honestly I'm not sure it wasn't a glitch with their website) I purchased tickets originating in DC instead of NYC. My tickets were completely the reverse of what I wanted. I was unaware of this until I got to the bus stop in Manhattan and the driver wouldn't let me on the bus.After loading the bus with passengers who had purchased their tickets in advance, he began to accept cash fares from individuals wanting to buy tickets. The bus fills up and I can no longer get a ride to DC for 4 hours or so. I am mad because I had already paid, yet I wasn't allowed on the bus. I believe I should have been allowed to ride before passengers paying cash at the foot of the bus. I had gone through the trouble of purchasing a ticket in advance (and paying full fare), even though I messed up, I still think I should be allowed on before random people on the street. After waiting for the next bus, the rest of the trip was fine.", 'stars': '2', 'usefull_likes': '2'}
{'review': "I never ended up riding, the booking process was not so great. I had to change my ticket, and the website didn't seem to have those facilities so I called them up. The gentleman said that there was a $4 fee at least, but also that the time I wanted wasn't available, though i clearly saw that it was available online. He told me those particular seats were only for people willing to pay full price for them. In other words, they already have my money, what does it matter that I get where I need to go? Bad policy, bad customer service.", 'stars': '1', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "I've taken four bolt buses from New York to Boston (and back) over the past four weeks in varying traffic and weather conditions--rainy, sunny, weekend, weekday, rush hour, early morning. In each case, there has been no wifi (despite that being heavily advertised by the company itself) and the bus has arrived between 1.5 and 2.5 hours late. Not sure how this was managed since Bolt Bus actually switched stop locations to avoid inner-city traffic, but the drivers always seem to like crawling through the city anyway. For a while, Bolt Bus was the fastest and most reliable all around. Seems like that legacy is no longer. Two stars for cleanliness (average) and prices (cheapest, on average).", 'stars': '2', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': 'Very disappointed with BoltBus. We bought a ticket from Newark to Boston and, anticipating bad weather that day, called ahead of time to ensure if our bus was cancelled that we could transfer buses, which they confirmed. When our bus was in fact cancelled due to weather the next day, we thought no big deal, we should just get transferred to a different bus, right? Called them again and they said we could buy a ticket for the same price as our cancelled tickets from their website scheduled to leave the day after--checked online, and no such tickets were to be found. After calling a third time and getting transferred, we were told that while we would be refunded our original fare, we could not get a new ticket at the same fare and instead must pay for tickets four times as expensive leaving from a different location. Not only did we have to talk through two lying customer service agents, we had to pay an exorbitant amount for tickets. We will never take BoltBus again.', 'stars': '1', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': 'BUS SMELLS LIKE FECES The cleanliness of these buses are insanely disgusting. The minute we board the bus, there is a pungent odor of porta-potty throughout. Barely twenty minutes into the trip, the smell becomes unbearable to a point which several passengers became sick. Imagine that smell for 5 solid hours from NYC to DC. I Would definitely not recommend taking this bus service. Bolt is now owned by greyhound and it certainly shows in its lack of quality, service and basic hygiene.', 'stars': '1', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': 'No air conditioning on July. I used it from new york to Philadelphia \xa0and from new york to washington dc. Both buses did not have working ac. \xa0Worst experience.', 'stars': '1', 'usefull_likes': '1'}
{'review': 'As other reviewers indicated below, Bolt has an incredibly annoying policy where they give away your seat to stand-bys 5 minutes before the bus is scheduled to leave. Most of the time, the timing is not enforced strictly, slash at least they actually wait until it is REALLY at least 5 minutes before departure to start giving away the seats. Today, I got there 6 minutes before departure and they had already started to give away the seats. I had my ticket, I was there, the bus was there. Yet, I was told I couldn\'t get on. AS I was standing there, they were selling my ticket to someone else. And, the person managing the process insisted that I had gotten there 5 minutes before, not 6 minutes before. MAJOR WTF. And it gets better-- my friend on the bus texted me after 3 stand-bys had gotten on, and the bus doors had already closed, saying that there was still an empty seat on the bus. I inform them of this and ask them whether I can get on the bus. They say no, they still need to go to the next standby. At this point, I am having an out-of-body experience and my head is about to explode. I say: 1) it weren\'t for me, you wouldn\'t even KNOW there was still a seat on the bus and 2) I will go ask each stand-by personally if it is okay if someone who has already paid for her ticket and is at the bus stop can please get on the bus now. I proceed to ask each person on stand-by if it is okay that I board. The manager actively tries to foil this effort by asking them how they would like it if next time, they were on stand-by again and someone like me gets on the bus instead of them. One of the nice people standing in line then says that "fair is fair" and that he thinks it\'s only right that I be able to board the bus. THANK YOU, VOICE OF REASON.FINALLY, after this entire ordeal, the manager is like "Fine, show me your ticket," like me getting on the bus is the worst thing that has ever happened to Boltbus. Like a paying customer who has ridden BoltBus many times, who is trying to board the bus, is totally out of line.I understand that the 5-minute rule helps Bolt make money, and it may help keep the buses running on time, but I think we can all agree that it\'s bad business to have employees behaving as if they are actively trying to screw over your customers. Honestly, I still think Bolt is more reliable than Megabus, but when you make every effort to prevent paying customers from getting on the bus they have a ticket for, it makes absolutely no sense and is damn annoying.', 'stars': '2', 'usefull_likes': '1'}
{'review': 'TERRIBLE service. I had a confirmed ticket for a 4:30 bus from NY to Boston. I arrived 20-25 minutes prior to the departure time. I waited on line with all of the other confirmed passengers. After putting my bag on the bus and getting on the bus, there were no seats left. The staff kicked me off the bus and told me to get in line for the 5:30 and hope there is space on that bus. They refused to check passenger tickets to see if anyone is on the bus without a specific 4:30 bus ticket. STAY AWAY from Bolt bus. They are terribly rude and unprofessional.', 'stars': '1', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': 'Wrong information given by employees when asked which line to wait in. As a result the bus that we were supposed to take went full and we had to wait for the next bus to DC (2hours later). Employee even did not apologize and we had to ask the manager who finally \xa0apologized for the inconvenience.', 'stars': '1', 'usefull_likes': '9'}
{'review': "Boltbus used to be my go to for getting to DC. Service has steadily declined over the past two years. They leave late all the time. They have combined my early morning bus with a later bus because they decided there weren't enough passengers but didn't bother to tell us that until 20 minutes after the bus was scheduled to leave. They don't even try to make the frustrating boarding process orderly. In short, used to be good. Now TERRIBLE.", 'stars': '1', 'usefull_likes': '6'}
{'review': 'This company has been going down in the drain. Waiting for the 9:00 am. Bus to Philadelphia and they never knew where it was. Finally by 9:30am we got in the 9:00am Bus.Thank You Bolt Bus for making me loose my train connection. And making me get late to my appointment.', 'stars': '1', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "Bolt Bus is a reliable, reasonably priced way to get out of the city without driving yourself. \xa0I have been taking Bolt for 5 years and almost never disappointed. \xa0I usually take it DC but I've also taken it to Philly. \xa0They do offer WiFi but it is spotty and unreliable. \xa0They are seldom late for pick-up and their drop off estimations are pretty accurate, though they can't control traffic. \xa0i wish they showed a movie and offered free bottled water, like DC2NY, but they are just fine without that.", 'stars': '5', 'usefull_likes': '4'}
{'review': "Okay so I took this bus for the first time this past Saturday and I'm so glad I did! First of all the bus was supposed to leave at 3PM but it was delayed, which was great for me because I got there at exactly 3PM. Instead it left at 3:20PM which isn't too bad. \xa0I sat on the side of the bus where the electricity outlet actually works which is another plus! The bus driver was great! We had one rest stop at Burger's King for 20-30min and then we were on our way again to NYC. I timed it, the driver got us to NYC in 4hours and 7min even with all the traffic. I'm definitely taking it again", 'stars': '4', 'usefull_likes': '2'}
{'review': 'Traveling rightGood internet, good service, new buses, and cheap tickets. But you have to book in advance before seats sell out. Also may be cheaper if you book earlierTook bolt bus from manhattan, very satisfiedThe only thing to be careful of is that there is no sign that tells you which corner the bus will show up (if youre getting picked up streetside...if its your first time getting on then look for other people waiting around and ask them just to be sure', 'stars': '5', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "Yes, it's cleaner than megabus. Yes, it's a little more organized. But $20 for a roundtrip to Philly when I've paid $3.50 on megabus? Get outta here!Also, Boltbus is horrible at managing weather emergencies. I was going to Boston after Christmas and it was a few days after that blizzard ('09?). My ticket was for the 29th, the first day that BB was in operation after the blizzard. There were people there from the 26th who were trying to get on the bus not knowing if they could get on or what they had to do. The bus driver was completely clueless and was only honoring tickets for that date, so the people who were waiting for 3 days had to wait even longer. Lucky I wasn't one of them but I'd HATE to be in that position.As I've said in my Megabus review, I'm really cheap. But that's the only reason I prefer Megabus over Bolt.", 'stars': '2', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "Currently lounging in my seat on a Bolt Bus in the middle of Connecticut. I'm actually pretty comfortable and if I do get hungry, there are plenty of vending machines in the rest stop a couple feet away. I'm contemplating about how, when I was riding the Bolt Bus this morning, my driver got pulled over by the cops and was given a ticket for driving in an illegal lane. However, no matter, because Bolt Bus obviously has a lot of issues. My bus has broken down and I've been in the middle of freaking nowhere Connecticut for two hours. Since then, only two half-full buses have come by, with the driver giving bullshit excuses for people who may go on the relief bus--Titanic style, so women and children first lol. So where are the other buses? Are they just going to leave us stranded here forever?? There are no answers, no clues of when the next bus is coming, and no consideration for time. The driver mentioned that this is the second time this week that a bus has broken down, so if you want to get to your destination on time, never take the Bolt Bus.Four hours later: the bus finally got here at 12:20am! I'm so excited to go to work tomorrow.More updates: we got automatic refunds on our tickets, so I am upping the customer service to two stars.", 'stars': '2', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "The experience on Bolt is hit or miss. I take the NYC-Washington D.C. route. Recently, I've noticed that the bathrooms on the buses are disgusting. I don't think the drivers clean them in between trips. I'm sure it's not a fun job, but having a sanitary bathroom should be a given.I've also noticed that the Wi-Fi is hit or miss, and the outlets don't always hold a plug snugly. You have to hold the cord while it charges. If Bolt could just make a few tweaks, I think the experience could be ten times better and a great alternative to a super expensive train ticket.", 'stars': '3', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "I am not a huge fan of riding the bus to other states, but BoltBus really changed my experience.I went to Philly around 10:30am on a Friday morning.- the bus runs every half hour to Philly- the bus was clean and free of weird smells- leather seats- arm rests- foot rests- coffee holder- SEATBELTS!!! ( wow.. really? \xa0I totally didn't expect this until I saw the seatbelt instructions on the seatback in front of me. \xa0I thought it was a joke and then I checked over my right shoulder, and lo and behold, seatbelt!)- free wifi- electrical outlet for each seat- And, on a Friday @ 10:30am, everyone gets their own row! \xa0Not bad for 8 dollars right? \xa0The 10 minute cab ride from the Philly bus station to Rittenhouse square cost me more than that!I had a great experience and I will definitely ride BoltBus again.", 'stars': '5', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': 'The day I took the Bolt Bus was an adventure, to say the least. I picked up the bus in front of Tik Tok diner and it was pretty empty. I was traveling from NYC to PHIL, $13 each way. Great deal. Seats are comfy, outlets in some seats, not all, wifi available. I dozed in and out, checking the scenery every 15 minutes. Then, something HUGE happened. The bus driver hit the brakes hard, very hard, and I opened my eyes to see 2 big rigs sliding across the pavement 50 ft in front of us. Everything moved in slow motion. I felt paralyzed. The driver broke harder, then swerved to the left. The big rigs took two cars with them, barreling onto the side of the road. I could feel my heart. The driver yelled "call 911" and a girl two rows in front of me got her phone. The driver pulled off the road and stood up. He said he didn\'t know if we believed in God or not, but it was God that had just saved us. I was still in disbelief. We made it to Philly shortly after. I spent the day there. Later, I googled the accident and read that 3 people were killed. I couldn\'t believe it. How scary that it was almost us. I felt like I was on Final Destination. I returned to the Bolt Bus stop outside of the JFK and 30th street train station for my 4:30 bus. The lady working informed us that the 4:00 bus was just leaving and due to traffic on the NJ Turnpike from the accident, the buses were late. We waited another hour in 35 degree weather. I was texting my boyfriend that I might only come home with 6-7 toes. In this crazy mess, the lady working continued to be informative, helpful, assertive about the lines, and just overall friendly. On a day like this, I couldn\'t image better service. The ride home was long; we took a detour to Atlantic City. But I was grateful for another good driver. The driver I had in the morning had saved our lives. It wasn\'t a 5 star day, but considering the circumstances, Bolt Bus employees handled it with professionalism and grace.', 'stars': '4', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "My second and last time on this cluster of a bus company. No communication with customers, and when the staff does choose to actually grace us with their knowledge by answering a simple question or concern, they're unbelievably rude, impatient and incredulous, as if we're asking them for a kidney or their first born child rather than more sanitizer for the bathroom or an explanation as to why the driver casually pulled over to make a phone call for 20 minutes. Of course, Greyhound-Peter Pan own Bolt so you really can't win. Next time, book Amtrak or JetBlue in advance and spare yourself $35 each way for a confusing, delayed and uncomfortable bus ride", 'stars': '2', 'usefull_likes': '1'}
{'review': 'Hello -I have experienced an all-time offensive low in customer service today with Bolt Bus.I thought that the airlines had reached the lowest standard of customer service, but Bolt Bus must have studied their worst customer service standards, and said, "How can we do this even worse?"Please listen to your recording of my interaction with a "customer service" agent today just minutes ago, because you aren\'t going to believe how bad it was by my description. You have to hear this yourself.Yesterday I called to rebook a trip I had from Seattle to Portland, leaving today. The agent yesterday explained that I could apply my fare to a trip which I could rebook, with a simple fee. I chose that option, however, she didn\'t "know the schedule or have access to booking" beyond June 24, 2015. That in itself is really bad customer service. I had wanted to travel in July, but your company didn\'t yet know its July schedule, and your systems don\'t have the capacity to book more than a few weeks out?!!! That makes no sense at all, and is very frustrating for a traveler who does have the ability, and the need, to plan ahead.The agent suggested I \xa0book for another random time, pay the rebooking fee, then as I get closer to that time, rebook again, pay another cancellation fee, and see if the date I actually needed was available at that time, which she couldn\'t guarantee. Please read that sentence agin. That\'s crazy. This can\'t actually be what you advocate to customers as a standard practice! The fees alone for rebooking twice would then have added up to $18.00, which is almost the fares I have paid at different times in the past - and higher than some I have paid round-trip.I then decided to rebook for, departing June 22, returning June 24, and was going to try to change my schedule to meet your limitations - another crazy idea that the customer would have to adapt his schedule to your limitations.When I looked at the tickets that actually arrived today in email, I found she had actually booked me departing Seattle on June 24 at 12:30p., and departing Portland that SAME DAY, June 24, at 2p. That trip is not possible.I called again today, waited 12 mins to get help, and then explained that the tickets that I had been reissued were not possible to use because the booking had been done for two trips on the same day that are impossible to take. The agent was immediately and very noticeably annoyed with me, and seemed inconvenienced by my very request. She was rude, offensive, rigid, and very quickly escalated into yelling at me, telling me to stop talking, and then hung up on me!I am now stuck with having paid the rebooking fees for 2 tickets that I obviously can\'t use. When you rebooked them you should have known that it is impossible to use these tickets, so why would you even make these reservations?!Clearly, I am sending this the Customer Service, the same people who just delivered the worst service I have ever received, so I don\'t imagine you will understand the terrible impact this has had upon me, nor be able to rectify this situation in any way.You have permanently tarnished your image. I will now be a strong opponent of yours, ensuring that my clients never travel with you for the business we conduct between Washington and Oregon and British Columbia. You try with the way you paint your busses, and your cool logo and image, to be a hip, cool, classy new service. Sadly, I used to enjoy the actual ride on your busses, but due to your rigid, unresponsive, rude & offensive stance with customers, I now know you don\'t care about, nor look after your customers. You are unable to support a customer\'s basic needs. I am done with you forever! Driving is even easier than hassling with you...and the train is always available as an option, which is actually more comfortable and has far better customer service.I am so deeply offended and disappointed by the way you do business. My expectations of you have crashed hard, never to be revived again.', 'stars': '1', 'usefull_likes': '1'}
{'review': 'It might be helpful for folks contemplating taking Bolt to know that the NYC open-air pick-up/drop-off is near the Javits Center and absolutely nothing else. The mid-day ride from BOS to NYC took 5 1/2 hours; the ride from NYC to BOS took under four. \xa0In neither case was there construction or traffic tie-up. It turns out the drivers can pick their own routes. \xa0Is that nuts? \xa0Skinny little seats, no dividing armrest, relatively clean rest-room, working wi-fi, and on the way back, driver very clear about what was acceptable. Although someone smoked in the bathroom, he chose (rightly I think) not to pull over; nobody died.', 'stars': '3', 'usefull_likes': '2'}
{'review': "Warning!!! The most horrible bus u can ever take!This company has no costumer service, there is no manager to talk to! I lost my suitcase and told the driver right away! he said he doesn't have any costumer service phone number and he will not help me. He started yelling at me instead of helping and said he took my suitcase! \xa0I am a small woman, he was big guy yelling at me in the middle of the street, it was very scaryI tried to find anyone in the company who might help but the operator told me there is no manager or anyone to talk to. She said there is never a manager to talk to and the only way I can maybe talk to someone is email that will take minimum 2 days to answer! Because today is Saturday Looks like they take stuff and no one is responsible! Im writing this so u know don't take your eye off your stuff, take your suitcase with you inside the bus if you have to take this busBut honestly if you are smart! The best thing is to not take this bus! They are also always late, sometimes over one hr! They sell your ticket to someone else 15 min before the departure! They charge you extra for wifi but it never works! Basically they are looking for any possible way to take your money n stuff! Now it is up to u to take this bus! I'm sure soon u ll see I'm right!", 'stars': '1', 'usefull_likes': '2'}
{'review': "The more I take Bolt Bus, the more I like it. \xa0Though I never experienced quite the level of hellish my friends had on the Chinatown bus, I still prefer Bolt. \xa0Why?1) Free wifi and and electrical outlets.2) Loyalty program that rewards you for frequent trips.3) Reasonable prices that are even lower when you book earlier (like finding a sale!).4) Proximity to other transportation connections (e.g., NY pickup is near Penn Station, Philly pickup is near 30th St Station, Boston pickup is in South Station).5) Boarding by groups means the earlier you book your ticket, the earlier you can board. \xa0No fighting to be first in line bc it doesn't matter!6) They're punctual to show up for boarding (and often early to arrive, when traffic behaves)!7) Perhaps not relevant to most, but I picked up $20 on the ground while waiting to board. \xa0I dunno about you, but anytime I pick up money flying by like tumbleweeds it puts me in a good mood to write positive Yelp reviews.", 'stars': '4', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': 'Took Bolt Bus NYC-DC @4pm. The bus was comfortable and on time but smelt like urine from the beginning of the trip.', 'stars': '2', 'usefull_likes': '8'}
{'review': 'The customer service at Bolt Bus has greatly deteriorated over the last couple of years culminating in two distinctly terrible experiences for myself. The first: after booking a bus to Boston from New York, I stood in the cold (12 degree NY winter weather) for an hour and half waiting for a bus that would never arrive. When I called customer service, they told me that they sent an email and that me not receiving it was my fault. I checked all possible locations for an email that I\'m sure was never sent to me. The woman i was speaking with was extremely rude and called me a cunt. I wrote an email to Bolt Bus that took them 3 weeks to respond too. They "investigated" the situation and gave me 2 free trips for my troubles, but only after I kept asking for a refund or some make good.Second: \xa0My fault- I booked a trip in the opposite direction that I needed using my 2 free passes. When I call not 5 minutes later to just have them reverse the travel itineraries they tried to charge me a fee. This conversation took quite a while to have due to the lack of proper English spoken by the rep and her annoyance that I was calling. These reps are the pits. This is her job and shes annoyed?! Incompetence is my biggest pet peeve and Bolt Bus is killing it. I thought it was insane that I should pay a fee on tickets that were provided because someone on their side called me a cunt on the phone. Now I am jumping through hoops to get my ticket changed at a charge for a service that I will be sure not to utilize going forward. Get it together BoltBus. I used to be a loyal supporter, but now I\'ll take my business else where.', 'stars': '1', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "I use Bolt between WDC/NYC fairly frequently. \xa0It costs about as much to go from DC to NYC as it does to take a taxi from home to Union Station to catch the bus--pretty great. \xa0Love that the busses now leave from Union Station, with restrooms, food, Metro nearby (not to mention the DC Circulator bus, which leaves from same floor) instead of their earlier parking lot pick ups. There are frequent trips (and lots of other bus options) but Bolt has a downtown stop that works for me & may be closer to subway than the midtown venue for others.Yes, I know it's hard to fathom for some, but the bus goes on highways and sometimes there's traffic, weather, even breakdowns. \xa0I don't know what gilded world some others live in that this experience is so surprizing & horrifying, but as someone who has taken the train (which also can be late, delayed by weather, have breakdowns @ 10x price) and planes (which also can be late, delayed by weather, have breakdowns @ 20x price), I've reluctantly come to accept that sh*t happens. \xa0I get that companies can do a better or worse job handling the sh*t that inevitably happens & that's reasonable to take issue at, but otherwise...really? Bolt delivers a great price, good schedule, clean busses, good drivers, a functioning toilet, free wifi & plugs. \xa0Every once in a while one of those may not be 100%, but I'm still a fan.", 'stars': '4', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "First the cons: Customer service absolutely sucks, particularly on the phone. I had a woman on the phone hang up on me. I'm not kidding. And I wasn't even rude to her. AND, she sounded Southern which made no sense because people from the south are always very polite. That must go to show you how much her job sucks.Another crappy thing is that there are no bus stations. You have to wait on the street for the buses so if it is raining or snowing, you better bring an umbrella and dress appropriately. Another thing that sucks about them is that their buses can fill up before you get on board them. So get there early so that you get a seat. A friend of mine got on her bus only to find there was no empty seat. They made her get off and wait an hour for the next bus, in the pouring rain!One other annoying thing about them is that, because they are cheap, you get what you pay for: you may sit next to someone eating pungent and gross food with absolutely no empathy for those around her. Or, you may be beside some loudmouth who decides to talk on their phone the entire time. Ok, I'm done my rant.The positives: it's extremely cheap and it gets you where you need to go. The seats are also surprisingly comfortable and, if you get lucky to have quiet, respectful people riding the bus with you, you can sleep. There is also free wifi and it works pretty well. Finally, the drivers have always been very good in my experience.", 'stars': '4', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': 'Unfortunately, I was one of those affected by the snow storm in the NE. \xa0Luckily, I was stuck at my parent\'s house in FL (or unluckily). \xa0After numerous calls to Delta and trying to get a flight back into the city before NYE, I finally managed to snag a flight that plopped me into Philly instead or NYC.I thought to myself - "It should be easy enough to take the bus home from Philly" \xa0I bought a bus ticket for 4:30 (since my flight landed at 2:15). \xa0When I arrived in Atlanta, I luckily was able to get on an earlier flight to Philly, which landed me in city center at 12:45PM after taking the Septa from the airport.After three phone calls to Bolt Bus (on hold for 10/15 minutes at a time), I was unable to get through. \xa0I stood in the standby line hoping I would be able to get on an earlier bus. \xa0The line was the most disorganized line I\'ve ever seen. \xa0There was nothing distinguishing the five different lines in the bus area (Megabus, Bolt Bus, to DC, to NYC, to God know where else). \xa0 I stood there for about an hour, and both buses that came were 15-20 minutes late.It was then that I said fuck it and took the train home. \xa0Completely seamless and it only cost $25. \xa0Yeah that\'s right -- next time take the Speta7 to Trenton and transfer to the NJT -- plops you right into Penn Station. \xa0No traffic, no hassle, no bullshit.', 'stars': '2', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "Wow. \xa0We've been Megabus customers for years, and thought Bolt might be a step up. \xa0WRONG!! \xa0They were a half-hour picking us up in D.C. \xa0Then, even though we were running an hour late to our NYC destination, the driver makes an unscheduled stop for munchies on the way. \xa0Really?!?!? \xa0We were finally TWO HOURS LATE to New York, resulting in half-a-busload of people late for connections. \xa0We missed ours completely, and were stranded for hours in NYC, not to mention out a couple hundred dollars in bus tickets for the bus Bolt caused us to miss. \xa0To top it off the driver's behavior along the route was completely unprofessional. \xa0My fellow passengers and I were appalled. \xa0Take my advice and STAY AWAY FROM BOLT.", 'stars': '1', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "Service has deteriorated a lot. After Greyhound pushes Chinatown buses out, I guess they don't have to try anymore. Bus was super late, it is super crammed. Next time I am paying extra for train or renting a car and splitting costs.", 'stars': '1', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "Poor customer service. . I booked the wrong ticket, spoke to a representative, and she was nice enough to exchange the date... I hadn't received a confirmation number and called back to check the status. Come to find out, she didnt change the tickets and the customer service representative said she couldnt do anything to help me. Now I'm out $105. Why would one be so nice and helpful, and then another a b*tch? Not using bolt again.", 'stars': '1', 'usefull_likes': '2'}
{'review': "Don't take Bolt Bus. This company does NOT care about customer service at all. I will never take it again. I can understand that not every situation deserves a refund or a company credit, but if a family emergency requires a person to change their reservation, they should be given consideration (especially if they can prove that an emergency happened). Instead rude customer service people cite some terrible policy that should be changed immediately. So I guess you can take Bolt Bus if you expect life to be perfect but God forbid an emergency happens because this company will just take more of your money and be rude about it when they do.", 'stars': '1', 'usefull_likes': '1'}
{'review': "Love this service! Fast, clean, reliable, and FREE INTERNET and PLUGS AT EVERY SEAT!!!NY tp philly 2 hrs $1-13NY tp DC 4 hrsNY to Boston 4 hrs $13-40THE POSSIBILITIES!!! book earlier and you might score the elusive $1 seats! I've gotten them before. Sign up for the rewards program and you earn free rides so quick!", 'stars': '5', 'usefull_likes': '1'}
{'review': "Bolt Bus is the way to go if you're planning to go to Boston from NYC. For $7/one-way .... my cousins, sister and I made reservation for a 10am departure from Midtown. We had arrived at the stop a little too early and asked the driver if we can board and take off at the 9am departure...we had to wait to make sure all those who reserved for 9am arrived before we got the ok. The bus was not packed that we each had a seat to ourselves. Our driver, a woman, had such a pleasant voice that if she had told the passengers a story, everyone would have knocked out. Overall, if I were to make a trip from NYC to Boston, I would definitely take Bolt Bus again.", 'stars': '5', 'usefull_likes': '1'}
{'review': 'Never again.I booked boltbus buses from DC to NYC and from there to Boston, with a 45 minute layover. Should be enough, right?The ride from DC to NYC started out all right, considering it\'s boltbus. The wifi disconnected me every 10 minutes and my power outlet didn\'t work, but c\'est la vie. Trouble started around 4:30 (my scheduled arrival time at NYC was 4:45): we were about half an hour behind schedule, and then the bus broke down. Boltbus got another bus to relieve us, though not all of my bus\'s passengers fit on the new one; I wonder what became of the ones left behind. I made it on the new bus and counted myself lucky.By the time the new bus got us to our stop, it was 5:30 sharp (the boarding time of my connection). I ran down the block to the Boston stop: "gone", a bystander told me. I asked one of the drivers standing around what the hell I was supposed to do. "Just take the next one," he offered. Then he asked another driver:"When\'s the next bus to Boston?""There\'s no more.""Oh. Really? Oh, shit. Shit."The other guy eventually said there\'s a 6:30 bus, but leaving from another stop (3 miles away). I asked if they could help me there, since the walk would take an hour and I might very well miss this too. "I\'m not customer service, I\'m just a driver."I asked, who\'s customer service? "You have to call the main office. The number is 1-800-boltbus."While walking there I called the number, no one picked up. (Turned out it was wrong.) Got the right one from their website, but customer service told me they "don\'t take complaints on the phone" and to send an email so my account could languish in an unread inbox for all eternity.On the bright side, I made it to the 6:30 bus! No power outlet there either, tho.', 'stars': '1', 'usefull_likes': '3'}
{'review': "I really like the bolt bus. \xa0I have taken it several times and it has beeen a great experience each time. \xa0This is not your typical bus ride. \xa0My trip each time was way more comfortable than flying or a train and I got wifi. \xa0The best part, I didnt print my reservation. \xa0Didn't matter. \xa0Smart phone screen was enough for the driver. \xa0That was amazing, especially, when after sitting down, I realized I showed him my return trip rather than my current trip. \xa0I showed him the right one later and he just smiled and said, its ok...", 'stars': '5', 'usefull_likes': '3'}
{'review': 'Bus driver never showed up at the Ronkonkoma stop, but claimed he did. I was there at 4:10pm for the 4:30 bus into Manhattan with one other customer and no one showed. I finally called at 5pm and was told he was there, looked around, saw no one and left....um NO, he did not.I wasted $16 b/c I ended up driving to the city instead which I did NOT want to do, but had no choice as the LIRR was experiencing delays due to the derailment the night before. Terrible service.', 'stars': '1', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "I've had decent experiences w/ Bolt's BOS/NYC/DC nexus in the past, but hadn't taken it for over a year. On my most recent trip (in August 2014), I discovered that the pickup location in NYC has moved pretty much into the middle of the Hudson River, a hearty hike from the nearest subway stop. The bus came late, the wifi didn't work, the outlets didn't work, the bathroom door didn't lock, and we arrived in Boston an hour late although we were well between rush hours and encountered only a minor accident-induced delay on the expressway. A steep decline.", 'stars': '2', 'usefull_likes': '4'}
{'review': "If you're looking for a more comfortable way to get out to eastern Long Island from NYC this summer, book with Bolt, NOT the Hampton Jitney! I'm docking a star for two reasons: 1) I hate how there are no signs indicating where the Bolt Bus picks up, and the website isn't descriptive enough. 2) It doesn't go all the way out east--it stops in Riverhead. If you have people who can pick you up for points east in Riverhead, then Bolt is the way to go. It's $13 or $14 one way, compared to $22 for Jitney. AND nobody takes it, so you'll have the bus to yourself. There's significantly more leg room on Bolt than the Jitney, and the seats are more comfortable because the buses are new.", 'stars': '4', 'usefull_likes': '3'}
{'review': 'I bought a ticket from New York 6th Ave stop to Philadelphia for 10:45 today. After waiting for 20min, the bus never came. Then we found out the bus came and left early. I was there 8 min before the bus was scheduled to leave. I tried calling your customer service twice, waiting both times to speak to someone for 20 min, and no one ever picked up. Now, over an hour and over $100 later, I am on an Amtrak. Someone needs to tell me how I am getting my money back.', 'stars': '1', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': 'Usually, I\'m a Megabus girl, but since moving to NYC I\'ve had to switch to Bolt because one of their stops is much closer to my family than Megabus. The first few trips were fine. \xa0There was leg room, the driver was alert and safe, and there were no mess-ups regarding where the bus was going.But I have to say, I REALLY hate the "give your seat away if you\'re not there" policy. \xa0Megabus doesn\'t do it. \xa0If you do not show up by the second it needs to leave, it leaves, but does NOT give a customer\'s seat away ten minutes before it leaves because the costumer isn\'t there yet. \xa0Bolt does, and it sucks. \xa0I gave myself plenty of time to get to the stop, but train traffic was terrible, causing me to get there five minutes before the bus left, so they gave my seat away. \xa0Now, if this were Megabus, I would have gotten on fine, since I was early. \xa0But for Bolt, 5-10 minutes early, is actually late because they have standby and sell your seat to someone else.I\'m aware it says on the ticket what the policy is, but I just think it\'s a terrible policy. \xa0You want a ticket to go somewhere? Buy it in advance! Don\'t expect to take someone else\'s seat because they\'re 5 minutes early, which means they\'re already late. \xa0That\'s simply ridiculous. \xa0It\'s a way for them to make even more money and it drives me crazy.', 'stars': '2', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "Went to DC for New Years Eve. Had to leave on short notice Sunday after my ride fell ill. I compared alot of the DC/NY bus services, and I can't speak for then. Boltbus has an incredibly convenient locations outside both NY and Newark Penn Station(s), which is why I chose to go with them. Prices were similar to other bus services and significantly cheaper then Amtrak.My trip was $50 round, but you can easily score cheaper fares. I would have paid $15 total if my boss didn't delay on approving my vacation. The bus isn't the most comfortable, but it's a 4 hour ride and you could do worse. Sit down, go on your laptop (Wifi works reasonably well all things considered) or take a nap. Drivers are professional, the bus moves quickly, and it gets you where you need to be. I'll be using it again in the future.", 'stars': '4', 'usefull_likes': '4'}
{'review': "I got alive to my destination so I guess that deserves a start. I have only used this company once for a round trip NY - DC - NY and I won't be using it again. On both trips the there were significant delays 30min on my way to DC and 1h on the return. My seat was not fully secured to the floor so every time the driver accelerated or stopped my seat moved back and forth. There was not power and no wifi. Nobody seemed to be accountable. Never again.", 'stars': '1', 'usefull_likes': '2'}
{'review': 'Bolt is definitely the cleanest, most comfortable, most reliable and nicest of the bus chains. Prices can be really affordable, on in demand weekends and time slots the prices shoot up though so best book in advance and get there early!', 'stars': '4', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "BoltBus is not unlike diner food - cheap, quick, and a little greasy.A few weeks after my round-trip from New York to Philly, my feelings on this popular form of transportation are still a bit divided, so we might as well break it down.Things I Like About BoltBus:1) Cost - Would I prefer to take the express train? Absolutely. Do I have the cash for that on a whim? No, I don't. Therefore, I'm thankful that my two bus rides came to a total of $26.2) Timing - We boarded on time. We left on time. We arrived on time. Even on the return trip, when weekend traffic seemed to be piling up on the Turnpike, we headed to back roads and still made it.3) Seats - They weren't the most comfortable places I've ever rested my laurels, but they certainly were better than I expected. Ample leg room is always a huge plus.Things I Do Not Like About BoltBus:1) Broken Promises - Where is the free wi-fi? Oh, what's that, bus driver? It isn't working? I'm sorry, but I have to call false advertising on this one. At first, I figured - whatever, I paid a reasonable $13 for this leg of the trip, wi-fi is still a luxury these days anyway, maybe I got a shitty bus. Wrong. On my return trip, no wi-fi either. Not that I needed it, but if you do, my advice would be to not hold your breath.2) Driver - Yes, he cracked a few jokes over the P.A. system. Yes, he got me to my destinations on time. But I also saw him talkin' on his cell phone, unwrapping his foil-wrapped sandwich with no hands on the wheel, then subsequently eating his dinner like a slob while he was responsible for fifty strangers lives seated behind him. No good.At the end of the day, the pros outweigh the cons. At the end of the day, this little exercise led me to a pretty easy rating of three stars. At the end of the day, the million-dollar question remains: would I take a ride with BoltBus again? Yes. Yes, I would.", 'stars': '3', 'usefull_likes': '3'}
{'review': 'Great trips back and forth to New York. Both drivers were very amiable, and stopped halfway for a bathroom break of about 20 minutes. They also double checked that all passengers were back on the bus before leaving. Arrivals and departures were right on time. This is a great, inexpensive way to get to the city.', 'stars': '5', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "Having taken Bolt years ago and been satisfied, but having read all sorts of negative reviews, I was a little concerned about taking it this time.'However, the bus leftexactly on time, the bathroom was very clean -- first trip of the day -- and we were allowed to wait and keep warm in an empty bus, which was very important, by Stephanie and Noldy who were very nice -- and there was simply nothing to complain about. \xa0The return home was equally good, we actually got in a little early.We will take Bolt whenever we need to go where they go.", 'stars': '5', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "Well, well. The elusive dollar fare finally appeared for the inaugural run from Newark to Baltimore. I had to jump on this one 'cause 1) I had a hankering for crab cakes 2) New German buses with leather seats with three-point seatbelts \xa03) It's not the destination, it's the adventure. We arrived at the Newark Penn Station Greyhound station to see the marketing folks from Bolt bus to photograph the run and answer some questions. The PR dude says they were working on the Boston and Philly run later in the season so stay tuned.I've taken Bolt bus previously to Philly from midtown but it was a nice touch that we had a waiting lounge to while by with CNN broadcasting continually. We lined up according to letter grouping and had our photographs taken. I sorta covered my face behind someone. You never know if this is being googled and face-recognition software improves. Big Brother still lives.Inside the bus, I noticed many of the sockets were sealed shut by steel plates. Bolt bus bolts shut the power! What happened? I sort of felt cheated. Surely, they had a capacitor problem on these units. Three and a half hours later we arrived just outside the MARC Penn Station. The return bus though was a different matter. Because the motorcoach departed from Union Station, DC during the peak rush hour, it arrived 30 minutes late. This time, we had power outlets in every seat. Geek nirvana.", 'stars': '4', 'usefull_likes': '1'}
{'review': 'For an experienced bus traveler, \xa0I would have to say BoltBus is def one of the more reliable bus companies after using them numerous times. \xa0I have used Chinatown bus and Megabus and would use Bolt any day over them. I started using Bolt after the Chinatown buses were suddenly shut down. I also use Bolt because it also stops in Cherry Hill which is closer and more convenient for me which Chinatown bus also allows you to get off at but Megabus doesn\'t. I recommend making an account on their websites because members get "A" tickets meaning they get to board first and a free ticket after riding 15 times with them. \xa0They usually arrive on time most of the time and have an organized way of getting people onto the bus. \xa0Guaranteeing whoever has a ticket to get on the bus unlike Chinatown bus where it\'s a mad dash. The bus is pretty clean and the bathroom doesn\'t look like it has every STD out there. \xa0Some of the buses have leather seats and some don\'t. \xa0Same goes for outlets. \xa0Wifi might work and might not and is spotty but it\'s bearable. Travel might take a little longer cause they drive slower but you\'ll feel safe unlike Chinatown when the guy is racing and cutting people off. Overall, I think it\'s a very reliable bus service. \xa0Some people complain about them giving away your seat if your not early so just come early. \xa0They tell you to come 15 mins early and I have benefited from that rule being in standby a few times either missing my bus or not having a ticket.', 'stars': '4', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "I'm sincerely not sure what all the hype is all about. The ride wasn't anything out of the ordinary and it's more expensive than Megabus. \xa0Low points*The bus is always full, which means you will never get two seats to yourself to take a nap :( as a frequent traveler with a busy schedule, I like having the option to sprawl across two seats. *Line? It's basically a huge mob that crowds around the buses. It's super stressful when there are multiple buses going to different destinations and tons of people stuck in one area*i don't think I've ever seen it cheaper than mega-bus. \xa0I decided to give this company a try since all the reviews were very favorable, unfortunately, it wasn't all that impressed \xa0*All the buses were late, granted it was during the week of Thanksgiving, but having a late departure time will only lead to an extended time sitting in traffic. *No internet connection :(Highlights*the pick-up and drop off are in the same area, which made it easy for me to hop on the train*the train stop is RIGHT there, unlike Megabus, which takes me an additional 10 minutes to walk to Yes, BoltBus will get you to your destination, but why pay more if the quality is the same as other buses (ie. Megabus, DC2NY)", 'stars': '2', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "**BEST KEPT SECRET ON LI!!!**I'm on the Bolt Bus now from Ronkonkoma to NYC. First of all, it's a fraction of the cost of the LIRR. Secondly, the leg room is awesome! Leather seats, wifi (great for emails not so great for surfing the web!) reclining seats, outlets, cup holders - need I say more?? Right now there are a total of 5 people on a bus that seats about 80. \xa0This is the only way I will commuting to NYC from LI from now on!!!", 'stars': '5', 'usefull_likes': '2'}
{'review': 'Decided to book Bolt Bus for the 1st time ever - and rode round-trip from Penn Station in NYC to Union Station DC on Tuesday October 16th and Wednesday October 17th. Overall, I felt Bolt Bus was an amazing value - for $28.75 round-trip with comfortable seats, bathroom in the back, outlets at every seat on the window and wifi (slow but serviceable as they have a lot of individuals using data.) If individuals avoided streaming - it would be a lot easier.I had Calvin as my driver - both ways - and he was great. He made great announcements - encouraged us to keep using Bolt Bus and if we had any compliants to remember his name was Robert. Overall on the way down it - was 3 hours and 55 minutes door to door; and 5 hours and 30 minutes on the way back due to serious traffic on the Delaware / Maryland border which had the highway stopped for 50 minutes. Amtrak was $172 round-trip from Metro Park to Union Station D.C. last minute - yet Bolt Bus was $29. While I wish Bolt Bus had tray tables built into the seats - for the price I have absolutely no complaints.', 'stars': '5', 'usefull_likes': '3'}
{'review': "I am so upset and so appalled by the terrible conditions under which today's travel occurred. TOTALY unsatisfactory in almost every way. 1. Scheduled for the 9:00AM bus, but it was cancelled the evening before at 9:00PM by Jim Austin, 12 hours before departure time with no notice to us. I waited for 1.5 hours in the cold, slush and wetness with my bags. Waiting for the 9:30! That did not leave until almost 10:00AM. 2. 9 and 9:30 buses were combined and not loaded by time when the 9:30 bus finally arrived, they were loaded by letter, so people on the 9:30 got on the bus before me, I had to wait for the next bus, the bus should have been loaded by time 9:00AM first, then 9:30AM bus, not by letter. 3. This bus (0824) is making three (3) stops: Baltimore, then two more stops in DC. So now an extra hour has been tacked on to my travel time. This was not explained to me before getting on this bus the first bus that I should have been loaded on which was loaded with the A and B passages was going straight to DC. This is Not right. \xa0Now I am leaving one hour later then scheduled and adding another hour by going to Baltimore. 4. To add insult to injury not only had the 9:00 been canceled but the 9:30 didn't leave until 10:00AM. And on top of all this I was just told that the bus will be making a rest stop? I was told by the main office that BOLT no longer makes stops unless for emergency or safety reasons. Why is the driver stopping on a trip that is leaving very, very late and adding a Maryland stop to the route? This is all making for a 2.5 hour delay one a 4.5 hour bus ride making a total of 7 hours including delays and stops? 5. Electrical outlet does not work. 6. When I tried to call customer service on 1-877-265-8287 and I chose selection three to speak to a representative it rang and rang I finally hung up after 22 minutes of ringing. This is TOTALY unacceptable.", 'stars': '1', 'usefull_likes': '4'}
{'review': "The American Arline of Buses. You've hear of their service but does little to provide quality service. \xa0I had high hopes for this booking....I was in for a true disappointment.My bus stop moved across Manhattan after I booked the trip when drop off/pick up location was key to picking a bus company since I had a lot of options. \xa0 It would have been nice for the website to inform us prior to purchase but I get it, things happen. \xa0Thought it was okay cause of the perks but my row didn't have an outlet and wifi didn't work for me- still I didn't let it get to me. \xa0But I made the mistake of booking the return ticket a day earlier than my departure, I didn't realize this until I arrived at the stop. \xa0Yes my bad. They said the ticket expired and only taking cash- I didn't have enough on me and they wouldn't let me purchase a ticket online for the trip. The guy had no sympathy or care I was going to be stranded (last bus out). Luckily a fellow passenger with a heart overheard and helped me out. One star for providing a simple timely ride (doing their job), but the place began to stink like toilet within 30 min of take off.. 2 more hours left of the ride and it's absolutely unbearable. \xa0 If Bolt can demand the flexibility from their passengers on so many levels, you would think they would feel the responsibility of taking care of a paying customer. \xa0I'll be sure to book with megabus next time.", 'stars': '1', 'usefull_likes': '1'}
{'review': "First time riding the BoltBus was rockin'. I love Amtrak and normally take that but it was sold out so the bus was 2nd choice. I took the NYC to Wash DC on a early Oct weekend Friday at 2pm. Highly recommended if you want to make the great escape, beat nightmarish outgoing traffic and not mentally blow a gasket waiting in long lines full of confused/frazzled people. Trip was inexpensive (aprox $32 one way), clean, comfortable, safe, fast, stress free, rode with good fellow riders, bonus was the cool driver (smart guy, dry wit-hey BB give him a raise asap).Seats had electric plugs (working most of the time) and I had a good wifi signal but know others have whined about how the signal wasn't strong enough. Please people, I know they adver-tease that perk but that can't be guaranteed. Be realistic, you are on a bus with 30 or more people doing the same thing as you- being data hogs, oink oink! .... Consider also, you're paying a ticket rate that's equal to two nice lunches that's barely covering Bolt Bus's gas, overhead, equipment wear & tear cost. Consider a crap signal as a hint to disconnect, get real: read, sleep, talk with bus mates, philosophize watching the lovely countryside pass by, write, whatev... or if you must be connected to a solid reliable signal then rely on your own data plan! We stopped once at the slick mall-like rest stop at a halfway point near Newark, Delaware. !5 mins was enough to take care of food needs and bathroom business & stretch your legs. Off we went and rolled into DC a couple hours later, only delayed by 30mins due to city traffic and some police action blocking off the main downtown streets. All in all a smooth, easy trip, no complaints- but I can see how busier rush hour trips may get tripped up with hassles. Save yourself the trouble and save a few bucks- book for an earlier time than 3 or 4 esp on weekends. Lastly, clean up after yourself when you leave the bus. Poor bus driver doesn't get tips but has to play maintenance crew too, ugh. Respect those hard working folks, the Ralph Kramden's of the world don't have it easy!", 'stars': '5', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "Easy, drama free way to travel to DC. \xa0Tickets get more expensive the longer you wait to book... I think the cheapest ones are $15. \xa0Get there on time or they may give away your seat... \xa0 They left on-time both ways and arrived pretty much on-time (4.5 hours each way).The ride was pretty comfortable both ways, except it was a little cold on the ride back. Drivers are courteous, fellow passengers weren't loud or obnoxious... the babies on board didn't even cry! \xa0Check the seat for a power outlet before you sit down.. only certain seats have outlets. \xa0The wifi was a bit spotty, but not horrible.", 'stars': '4', 'usefull_likes': '2'}
{'review': "Depending on the day of the week and your travel time you could get a clean bus that leaves on time with comfy seats. Busy weekend periods the \xa0buses tend to be older and the seats are not that comfortable. The drivers are always very polite and helpful. Major concern is why the company can't pay for a more convenient pickup and drop off location in New York City for all places. \xa0Union Station is great for DC riders but the New York Stop is not near any subway lines so plan ahead if you use their service. It is very affordable so gives you a reason to steal out of town every now and then.", 'stars': '3', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "Quick and easy way to get to New York and beyond. \xa0Clean, seats big enough to comfortably hold my 6'3 legs and power cords to make sure your gear stays charged. \xa0Best deal around if you need to get to NY.", 'stars': '4', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "I used to really like Bolt but I think they have gone down hill. \xa0First-- the pick up location in NYC is a complete clusterf*ck. There are no lines-- other than for those that are traveling standby. It's basically a frantic free for all. Definitely not a relaxing way to start a trip.Then on a recent trip from NYC to Boston, we stopped at a rest area just south of New Haven. \xa0However, instead of the typical 15 minute break, we proceeded to wait for ONE HOUR so that the driver could switch drivers with a bus coming in from Boston. \xa0I am guessing that we were waiting on the bus that departed Boston at 9:30 AM, given that it did not arrive the rest area until 11:45 AM. \xa0Since we were nowhere near the mid-point, there is no way that a meet up would be possible without one of the buses having to wait.I understand delays caused by unforseen traffic, mechanical issues and/or bad weather. However, this delay could have been avoided and the company is 100% at fault. \xa0When I complained to the company, I was told that Bolt was not responsible for unforeseen delays and that they were also trying to accommodate their drivers as it was a holiday weekend. \xa0I get that but the delay we experienced was something that could have been avoided with a little more foresight.Also- wifi and outlets can be wonky. Neither were working on this most recent trip. The driver blamed the passengers-- saying that it was our fault for not loading the suitcases properly. \xa0Another example of Bolt deflecting the blame.", 'stars': '2', 'usefull_likes': '3'}
{'review': 'I love to travel on the cheap. LOVE it. I\'m one of those people who used to just show up in Chinatown where all the buses would line up on the same street and literally get into screaming matches with each other over stealing passengers and you could walk onto the bus at the front and be rolling down the road in as little as 5 minutes. $30 round trip to DC, $20 for Philly. No reservations. Then I got married and almost divorced over my helter-skelter travel proclivities. And most of those buses got busted for drugs or gross traffic violations. And we discovered Bolt Bus. When we reserve too late to get cheap Amtrak tix (FANCY, I know!) we Bolt. \xa0They are much nicer than the chi town buses - they smell nice, have usable bathrooms, working plugs, and occasionally working wifi. A note to the haters on wifi, BTW - even your cell flickers out on part of this drive so expect even the best ones to go out at some point. Oh, and most of them make a rest stop. Some of them do it at the Heaven Of All Rest Stops. It\'s in Delaware. You\'ll know it if you see it. Now, a note on boarding - its cray-cray in NYC. It\'s on 33rd st right be Penn Station in front of Sbarro and a Deli and an office/apartment building with a very aggressive bouncer of a doorman. There is one long, annoyed, agitated line of people waiting for every bus that will pickup in the next hour. Do NOT try to ask where the line for your bus is. Do NOT rush every bus that arrives like people do when trains are announce at nearby Penn Station. And do not, for god\'s sake, block the doorway to that apartment! Get in the back. Move forward when everyone else does. The bolt people will announce the bus and you get in by the letter on your ticket. Breathe. This situation much better in DC. There are organized lines by bus and ticket letter. They have more space down there. Now, if you\'ve hung in here for my whole review you deserve this. I\'m going to break my rules and divulge a secret that may actually worsen the quality of my future trips because more of you will be trampling me while I\'m there: Register on their website. Give them your email or life story or whatever it is they want for you to be a "member" because once you do you will always get an A ticket and board first, even if you purchase the night before you leave. You will also earn free trips. There! Consider yourself rewarded!', 'stars': '4', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': 'Cheap ride NYC-Boston, left exactly on time both ways, had pleasant drivers. Both buses were clean and warm on very cold days. Wifi worked both ways. There are two outlets at each window seat. Nothing to complain about!', 'stars': '4', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': 'My bus was late. The ticket said to get there at 8:45 am for a 9:00 am bus and the bus showed up after 9:00 am! When I got on it smelled like urine! Bolt -- clean up your act!', 'stars': '5', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': 'BOLT never sent a confirmation so i went to megabits. they confirmed within the hour. Bolt did have time to charge my credit card. i would be very careful doing business with them. I did have the charge reversed.', 'stars': '2', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': 'Perfect experience. \xa0We met the bus in front of the "Tick Tock Restaurant" on 34th and 7th about 15 minutes before departure time. \xa0They already let people on the bus so all we had to do was show them our ticket and hop on board. \xa0The leg space is great - it was plenty for both me and my husband. \xa0The Free Wi-Fi was easily accessible too. \xa0The bus left on time (to the minute). \xa0I\'m a prompt person, so I loved the efficiency I experienced with BoltBus!By the way, It\'s $15 for a one way ticket from NYC to Boston. \xa0I heard you could get coupons sometimes, but there were none when I went.', 'stars': '1', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': 'Went to Philly this week with my family and it turned out to be a great experience. I was staying in University City so the bus dropped us off 6 blocks from the hotel. I researched Bolt, Mega, Amtrak and NJT and decided on Bolt Bus. Ordered tickets online, piece of cake.Prices was great (family of 3 $36 one way) Amtrak wanted $125 to drop off a same location)Bus was on time, clean, WiFi worked and so did outlets. Heard alot about the wifi and outlets not working, please if you cant stay disconnect for 2 hours see a therapist. Only negative was it was freezing on trip down.Coming home another great trip and experience. The driver even asked a passenger to quiet down on his cell phone.Overall would use Bolt again in a heartbeat. Seemed like Boston had many more passengers but to Philly is was half full.', 'stars': '5', 'usefull_likes': '2'}
{'review': 'What can I say about Bolt Bus? My hubz lives in Brooklyn, so I\'ve been taking BB from Baltimore to NYC a couple times a month... the Baltimore location is convenient and they manage to consistently arrive at whatever destination I\'m going to within 30 minutes of the listed arrival time. But that\'s pretty much the only good thing.The service (or lack thereof) I have received from the Bolt Bus people - specifically at the New York station - is WAY beyond disappointing. The first time I was riding back to Baltimore, I was stuck behind a customer who had asked this BB woman a question about the departure time. I watched as she pressed a long, burnt orange acrylic fingernail to his chest and yelled at him. (BOLTBUS - would you let a male employee put his hands on a female customer while he was yelling at her for asking about departure time? Just curious...)When I politely asked "Excuse me, mam. Is this the trip departing to Baltimore," she took the \xa0liberty to scream in my face and tell me how I didn\'t have the right to talk to her because I had been smoking a cigarette. She wouldn\'t give me a yes or no answer and the conversation ended when she walked up the steps and slammed the door on me, so I was left running up and down the line of busses frantically trying to find my own. Seriously bonkers. Thankfully, she wasn\'t my driver. Another customer assisted me in finding my bus.My next trip back was even worse. After being stuck in Manhattan traffic on a Sunday night, the road that the busses are parked on was closed down by four firetrucks. I jumped out of my ride at that intersection and ran three blocks to the bus stop. Time: 5 minutes before departure. But, considering there was a dead person laying in the road blocking traffic, I thought that maybe they\'d be decent to me. All I wanted was to forget about the mangled dead dude in the road and go home. I got to my bus, and there were a few stragglers waiting to buy their last minute walk up tickets. Instead of letting me on the bus and confirming my ticket, the BB person sold off all the seats to walk ups, and THEN turned to me after waiting politely and said there were no seats. I had purchased my ticket in advance the night before. $37.00 down the drain, last bus home of the night.It was the most sadistic heartless thing that anyone had ever done to me.Anyways, I don\'t know who designed the seats but what you heard is tru they\'re THE WORST. I usually end up picking a seat in the very back of the bus just so I can sit sideways to avoid sliding straight out. I have actually slid off of my seat onto the floor when the bus made an abrupt stop. Safety hazard. Also, very cold bus, hot hands and a blanket or big comfy sweater are vital. Wifi? You\'re better off staying connected to the wifi at home and attempting to make a connection.', 'stars': '5', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "I have used BoltBus since it's start in 2008 and I'm happy to have earned a few free trips through their rewards program. I've mostly traveled between NYC and Boston and occasionally to DC from New York. The drivers are professional and the online ticketing system has never failed me. My biggest gripes and the reason for my low rating are as follows:Poor quality of wifi. When it works, and often it hasn't, the wifi on the Northeast BoltBus has been terribly slow. Get a better router. Second, the smell from the bathroom is nauseatingly unpleasant. On a recent BoltBus trip, the driver advised riders to avoid 'going number 2' to reduce the smell from the bathroom. That's an unacceptable condition even if it's being adhered to. The coach I'm currently om wreaks of urine. Get a better sanitation system. Megabus has cheaper fares, better wifi, and no noxious odors ruining my 4+ hour travel. I'm traveling with them -- and telling friends to do the same -- until I hear BoltBus has made significant improvements to the above mentioned issues facing the quality of their service.", 'stars': '2', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "Like waiting three hours after a tire on the bus blows out for assistance? Kudos to the bus driver for doing his best in contacting dispatch, third party companies and unfortunately Bolt Bus which is a total shit show. Excuse my French. I'm beyond annoyed. The call I made with a customer service rep may explain a bit of my frustration since she gave me attitude over the phone. The communication within the company is obviously absent and no one seems to care about customer satisfaction. Thanks to them I'll be arriving in Boston approximately six hours later than expected. You're thinking, 'Calm down. You get what you pay for.' But, no, this whole experience had been unacceptable. Please heed my advice, NEVER ride a Bolt Bus.", 'stars': '2', 'usefull_likes': '4'}
{'review': 'Bolt Bus from DC to NYC at 8:30 AM on a Tues:Left on timeHad outletsWifi worked (strong enough to load pics, but not stream Hulu or Youtube)Stopped for a 20 min break at nice food courtI had 2 seats to myself (one seat for me, one seat for my snacks!)Arrived on timeThe driver was very friendly and seemed to really like his job (I hope he gets to be on Undercover Boss one day)Bathroom was surprisingly not disgustingI feel like I got my $15 worth!', 'stars': '1', 'usefull_likes': '1'}
{'review': "I agree with other reviews - Bolt Bus has definitely gone downhill over the years. The remote NYC location is really inconvenient. The last time I took the bus, I waited for over 40 minutes and the bus never showed up. There was no details on their Bus Tracker App. I called customer service only to be left on hold for over 10 minutes. After 40 minutes, I just left. I found out later that apparently the driver just forgot to stop. They refunded my money for the ticket but they didn't apologize or offer me any other compensation. Not only did I waste my time but I had to make alternate travel arrangements at the last minute. I recommend that if you're traveling between NYC and Philly to use yobus.com. They operate out of Greyhound and is much better.", 'stars': '5', 'usefull_likes': '1'}
{'review': 'After years of riding the various Chinatown bus options from NYC to Boston I decided to give Bolt Bus a try . I found 14$ tickets (bought about a week ahead of my late July trip ). \xa0 \xa0Easily found the departure location conveniently located not to to far from the train on 1st ave ( Btwn 38th & 39th ) \xa0. \xa0 \xa0 The bus was clean & comfortable but the thing that really stuck out was the wonderful \xa0driver . Introducing himself as " OC ". \xa0 He was friendly , funny , attentive to making sure everyone\'s bus ride was comfortable , but at the same time very focused on a safe & timely ride to Boston. \xa0I took one star away because the Wifi did not work at all \xa0. Never the less I will \xa0be taking \xa0Bolt Bus again .', 'stars': '1', 'usefull_likes': '1'}
{'review': "The worst customer service I've ever dealt with when it comes to bus companies. Rude, short and very unaccommodating. If you are unable to help me, at least do so politely. They have lost all future business from me", 'stars': '4', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': 'Worst service ever. They oversold the bus, I was there 25 minutes prior to departure and I was not allowed to board. Terrible service.', 'stars': '1', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "Traveling by bus is by far my least favorite way to travel, but when I do - it's Bolt Bus all the way! \xa0(Unless they're sold out or highly priced due to last minute booking/holidays) Most of the buses are new, leather seats, outlets, cup holders, what more could you want? Drivers are friendly and I can honestly say I've never encountered a problem on these buses. \xa0(Knock on wood) They now offer two bus stops in NYC, Tick-Tock Tower on 34th Street and 8th as well as Port Authority. \xa0Both are decent, I find that Port Authority tends to be cheaper but 34th Street offers more departure/arrival times. \xa0They don't always stop for food, which is fine by me, I'd rather get to my destination as quickly as possible then wait 20+ minutes for a bus of 50 odd people go order food, use the restroom, etc. \xa0Takes forever! Prices are reasonable, the further out you book your trip the cheaper it will be, I've gotten $1 rides a few times now for booking ahead. They also board by \xa0zone/letter, (A, B or C) which I like, if you have an A you have your choice of seats! Bolt Bus is the way to go!", 'stars': '1', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "I took the Bolt Bus to DC from the lower Manhattan stop. I was a little worried at first because there was no one at the stop. Turns out everyone was waiting on the steps across the street. - The bus driver was funny and kept things flowing so we could leave on time, i.e. no priority in seating which worked in my favor.- Don't you hate when someone cranks their music up so high that you're forced to do the same?- Ample space in front of and above the seats. - Power outlets at every seat! Awesome for recharging the Blackberry.", 'stars': '4', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': 'Waiting for the bolt bus for the past 1 hr 30 mins... Seriously? First of all its late secondly the waiting area is shared with greyhound... It stinks n feels horrible to sit here... Feels like ill get robbed anyrime... Ill never try it again...', 'stars': '1', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "Long story short- an unannounced closure had us scrambling to another pickup in New York that made us hours late. Good thing I'm a broke idiot who can only afford a bus anywhere, otherwise if I had other options I'd be really mad. Oh, and the chemical toilet smell was an awesome touch!", 'stars': '1', 'usefull_likes': '1'}
{'review': "I took the bus from Greenbelt to NYC (33rd station) and back. \xa0Service both ways were as expected (nothing out of the ordinary at least. Don't ride buses that much). Seats were leather which kind of seemed like a plus (not a fan of those fuzz material seats as they attract a lot of unwanted dirt). Tickets weren't that expensive and I managed to get a bolt for a buck ticket on the way back (I bought 2 since i was riding with a friend and I initially thought the $1 ticket was because I was getting a deal for buying 2 seats but later I realized this was the famed bolt for a buck). Wifi was pretty slow tho, but still better than nothing I guess. Charging port were readily available where I was sitting but I noticed some outlets weren't working. \xa0Also nice (not sure if this is standard across other bus companies), I didn't need to print a ticket to board as my phone served as an acceptable medium. On the way up the bus was almost full so felt like a pretty standard ride, but on the way back there were significantly less people and had room to lie down on multiple seats. Didn't know what to expect as that was my first time riding a bus a long distance but I was happy with how much I paid/what i got.Will be riding again on valentine's day weekend.", 'stars': '4', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "Lame, overpriced, dishonest, rip off. The wifi doesn't work and not a single power outlet on the bus worked. How can they say you get power outlets and wifi and then they deliver neither? It's a complete lie. We arrived 2 hours late on the trip from Boston to New York. Now I'm waiting for the bus on 38th st and it's already an hour late picking us up. I paid 37 dollars one way. Horrible deal.UPDATE: I'm on my way home. The bus again has NO WIFI. Is it a coincidence that two different busses in a row had no wifi? You decide. But whatever you do, don't trust Bolt Bus and don't assume you will get wifi.", 'stars': '1', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "Bus runs on time BUTWifi is a joke . \xa0You can run iChat and that is basically itFellow riders talk loudly on cell phones Also frustrating : most of the outlets are loose and can't hold a charger. Seats are slippery and not comfortable", 'stars': '3', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "NYC and Philly route:Punctual both ways, an easy 2 hour nonstop trip, decent co-passengers. When I missed my ticketed bus, phone operator said I must purchase a new ticket but bus driver let me on (they weren't sold out, otherwise i would have had to wait for next ride) - aka excellent customer service Mr. Driver! The only reason I didn't give 5 stars was because the seats are faux leather and slightly declined, and therefore slick (and slide). Would take Bolt over Megabus ANYDAY!! (see my Megabus review).", 'stars': '4', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "Took it to Boston. \xa0Wasn't as complicated as I expected. \xa0No wifi. \xa0Great value compared to train. \xa0Driver was nice enough and drove very professionally. \xa0Stopped for 15 minutes at a Burger King across the street from a McDonalds. \xa0Left about 5 minutes late and arrived about 5 minutes early, so that was great. \xa0Getting on the bus was a mad dash, which I was part of, but not sure why since seats are assigned. \xa0I will try to show restraint next time...hopefully other people will too.", 'stars': '4', 'usefull_likes': '1'}
{'review': 'OK so you do have to wait across the street from Penn Station to catch the bus to Beantown, BUT...1) The fare is totally reasonable. 2) The driver was really nice (Cicro, thanks!). 3) I arrived on-time to the minute. 4) It was an uneventful ride: no short stops, sudden braking, etc. 5) Bus was clean - absolutely no odor. I hate buses and I did not even feel like I was on one. 6) Outlets and WiFi as advertised.I am glad to have discovered an inexpensive alternative mode of travel between NYC and BOS. I would definitely recommend.', 'stars': '4', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "Wot, all these review of BoltBusNYC and only one mention of Tesla?(No, not that idiotic band from the Eighties.)What a bunch of historically ungrateful users of electrickery.(Despite some minor annoyances, I'm still a contented BoltBus rider.)", 'stars': '4', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': 'Bolt Bus has gone DOWN! Prices gone up. \xa0Here are the down\'s/things to beware of:1. There is NO Bolt for a buck especially when you are looking to book.2. Their once top notch customer service is GONE, no one answers the phone, if you send questions or complaints expect a CANNED response.3. The new 33rd St."depot" is only for people who are walking with NO luggage on a nice 70 degree day. \xa0It is inconvenient and will dangerous for late night drop off\'s. \xa0Very Inconvenient that is. \xa04. The buses have sketchy internet at best. Remember all of that "free wi-fi" that they used to hook customers? If you expect to get work done on your ride think again.5. Service used to be prompt and buses left on time. \xa0Not now. \xa0On Dec. 23 the 9:30 am DC to NY bus arrived at 10:30 and we parted at 10:45. Riders were standing outside in the rain, no apology, no refund, no service.6. \xa0The bus interiors are shot/in terrible condition: the arm rests are more worn than Heyseus sandals, the outlets are loose so you may or may not be able to charge your device.7. BOLT is additional revenue for Greyhound hence the poor service. 8. \xa0IF you wanna ride, don\'t ride the Bolt Bus and if u must, you should AVOiD the new 33rd Street Bus Depot.9. \xa0If customers want better we either ask for better or take our business elsewhere. \xa0If you want or expect what\'s been advertised (bolt for a buck, wi-fi, clean busses, customer service) and if you want to be on Time to your destination try another service. There are other companies that offer truth in advertising and at least with those you get what you pay for. 10. Let your dollars spent elsewhere do the talking.', 'stars': '1', 'usefull_likes': '2'}
{'review': "I took BoltBus round trip from New York to Boston on a holiday weekend and left a very happy customer. The bus left on time and arrived right on time both ways. Outlets worked, bathrooms were clean, seats were comfortable, and the drivers were incredibly nice. The only reason it's not a 5-star review is because the wifi was painfully slow. Definitely using them again!", 'stars': '4', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': 'My first experience was great! Booked last minute, got on nearly last and got the biggest seat on the bus.', 'stars': '4', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "I am an avid traveler on Amtrak. Usually not on my own dime, however. When I realized I would have to make a trip from NYC to DC with my own fundings, I immediately searched how to do it on the cheap. Thus - Bolt Bus. I'll be honest when I say I was really, really hesitant. Having a bunch of people wait in front of a Sbarro's, conveniently in front of Penn Station, is going to be crazy no matter how you attempt it. Nevertheless, my first experience was fantastic. Whomever was working that day is amazing. She kept us all in line, told us what to expect, and got us all onto the bus within 5 minutes with no complaints. I heard someone behind me comment that this is unusual. Either way - great first impression for boarding bolt bus! The ride was also perfect - we left exactly at the time my ticket said we would, and arrived on the dot. We had a 15 minute stop in Delaware. The wifi was just as expected - how good can you expect a moving bus / train to really be? The seats were comfortable, not as cramped as expected. Overall, a great experience. The trip back from DC to NYC was a little different. Boarding was a little smoother because they had room to form lines for A, B, and C. However, there are no signs whatsoever for what bus is what or what line is what. I think this could easily change, and would make the process smoother. We didn't leave on time because people showed up late, and hit some traffic, so we arrived in NYC an hour later. Overall, though, that's not bad. The bus wasn't as new as my first one, and only had plugs located on one seat, but for 12 dollars, I'll take the experience. Therefore, if you're looking for a relatively quick way to go somewhere, and on the cheap, Bolt Bus should really be your choice!Also - do join the member club. Loading in Group A is highly necessary to make the experience 5 stars.", 'stars': '5', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "I have to admit I am not a fan of big bus lines because I still have PTSD from my college days taking Greyhound. \xa0So when my friend brought up the idea of taking Bolt from NYC to DC, I agreed to do it, reluctantly and with certain trepidation. \xa0Aside from the boarding chaos at the pick up corner near Madison Square Garden, I have very little to complain about. \xa0I wished there were signs for the different lines/destinations, and some decorum for the boarding process instead of people trampling on each other to board first. \xa0The bus is clean, quiet, roomy, and has wi-fi. \xa0There's one bathroom/snack stop somewhere in Delaware. \xa0The entire trip takes about 4 hours. \xa0Not bad for $19.", 'stars': '4', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "Where do I even begin. Bought a ticket for a 12:15 departure. Bus doesn't even show up till 12:35. Did I mention it was 15 degrees outside? Then a bunch of people waiting for the 12:45 ask the bus driver if they can not only get on this bus, but if he can change the express schedule to a local and make stops in jersey. Not worried about the fact that people on this bus have places to be, he decides to do so. Finally, the bus driver informs us the electricity and wifi will most likely not work. Good. Take away message, if you want to leave at a certain time, and be ensured a proper on time arrival, buck up the extra money and take the train.", 'stars': '2', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': 'Synopsis: I asked my friends from Boston and NYC about how should I get around. \xa0They all said, "BOLT BUS!" \xa0They stated they had heard too many horror stories from Mega Bus such as not even coming to pick them up, time drama, etc. \xa0I headed their warnings. \xa0Overall the experience was great. \xa0What was really disgusting, however, was the fact that they didn\'t have water on the bus to wash your hands, only hand-sanitizer. \xa0If you have to poo! \xa0Do it before the bus-ride. \xa0Disgustingly and disturbingly enough I had to poo on all the bus rides I did. \xa0Want to smell my finger? \xa0What is that brown spot?Environment: In NY the bus picks you up by Penn Station, right in front of Tick Tock Diner. \xa0Unfortunately, if you\'re in the cold, there is no place to hide from the wind chill. :\'( My BFF, her fianc, and I hid in the vestibule of the diner. \xa0We went to Boston and Philly with the bus! Bathroom: \xa0OH MY! \xa0Try peeing standing up! \xa0Doesn\'t happen. \xa0I had to sit down and if the toilet is full enough expect splashing! \xa0OMG GROOSS! \xa0Noooo..I grabbed hand-sanitizer. \xa0:\'( Employee (SPECIAL NOTE): The man\'s name is Dan! \xa0He was the bus-rider going back tony from Boston! \xa0Tall about 6\'0," big tire around his waste, and white hair that\'s starting to recede and from the forehead and some balding in the middle. \xa0This guy was HILARIOUS! \xa0He stated that he knows we\'re ready to go to NY and party, but to refrain from getting up and dancing. \xa0He was loud and asked about how everyone was doing. \xa0I was so pleased! \xa0It made me pumped up to party back at NY! \xa0YES! \xa0This is the kind of energy that makes my day!Cost: \xa0Are you kidding, dirt, dirt, dirt cheap especially when you consider on the distance you have to cover to get to places. \xa0To Boston it was 19 bucks, one-way. But this price varies depending on the season and time. \xa0 To Philly it was about the same price (my friend bought the tickets). \xa0 If you took the train it would be about 3-4 times the price and would take you much longer. \xa0To Boston, it was about four hours and to Philly it was about 2 hours.Timely manner: Since it was our first time catching the bus, it was late. \xa0On the paper it stated to be there 15 minutes earlier for road-call. \xa0The bus came 15 minutes late. \xa0We weren\'t happy because it\'s cold!!! \xa0And we also arrived to our destinations a little late. \xa0I guess being late is better than not being able to catch the bus we want.Amenities: Comfortable chairs and outlets in the front and back seats so you can play with your computer or other electronics. \xa0What a sweet deal. \xa0The chairs reclined as well.ZZZZ..ZZzzzzZZZ..ZZZ...... Only for long trips, such as Boston did we have a pit stop.', 'stars': '5', 'usefull_likes': '5'}
{'review': "I'm very sad. \xa0I have been a contented Bolt member for 5 years, going back and forth between NYC and Philly. \xa0The recent move of the NYC stop to 12th ave, however, has ended my relationship with Bolt. \xa0It is a full mile walk from the new bus stop to the subway. \xa0In addition, the walk is sketchy since you are walking through a deserted no-man's land until 9th ave.", 'stars': '3', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "The last 4 times i have taken the 5.15pm bus from nyc to Philly, the bus has smelled strongly like the chemical toilet. It seems to be Alright in the mornings, i think they don't empty then all day. Considering the horrible smell, usual traffic delays and long walk from penn station to the pickup spot, it is worth the extra 7 dollars to take Jersey transit/septa (2h20min around rush hour).", 'stars': '1', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "BoltBus is the best cheap way to get from major city to major city on the East Coast. I routinely use it from NYC to Philly and vice versa. The buses are usually clean and as a tall person I really appreciate the extra leg room. Staff has largely been courteous and professional.The only issues I have can't really be controlled by the bus that much, more than once I've been on a bus that got stuck in traffic and was really late. Also, on one particular trip we had a few awful passengers. Again, I'm not sure how much of that is BoltBus's fault.Overall, a great cheap way to get out of NYC. Cheaper than Amtrak, better than Mega or the Chinatown Buses.", 'stars': '4', 'usefull_likes': '5'}
{'review': "Along with VamooseBus, Boltbus is a great mode of transportation. I think they are also one of the most timeliest. Even with traffic, I've made it on time or close to it. Great point system for free rides. Comfortable, outlets, WiFi, bathrooms, etc. Highly recommend it. Just make sure you sign up on their website to get points if you'll use it more than once. Only complaint is I wish they had a better place for departures from the DMV area.", 'stars': '4', 'usefull_likes': '4'}
{'review': "It used to be better. I don't appreciate the long bathroom breaks which are unnecessary on a four hour trip from Boston to NY. Also, I hate their drop off point in NYC 11 Ave and 33 St, the outback of Manhattan, and the driver got off the Triboro Bridge and drove all the way down 2nd ave which was very congested. There are other ways. Also the bathroom was extremely hot and smelled bad. They don't deserve the good ratings they have gotten. Trip took 51/2 hours , and should have been 4. Eliminate those bathroom stops.", 'stars': '2', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': 'Last night, BoltBus left a crowd of passengers waiting on the side of 33rd street for over 30 minutes in 20-30 weather, snow, and heavy winds. We were waiting for the scheduled 8:15 bus from NYC to Philadelphia, which as of 8:45 had not yet arrived. (At this point, I opted to walk to Penn Station and take NJTransit and SEPTA back to Philadelphia.)Clearly, weather conditions like the ones experienced last night make it difficult to operate on-time bus service, and I understand that. But Bolt came up short in both its communication with customers and its management of the weather situation. While the large crowd of passengers and some BoltBus staff were waiting out in the cold, multiple empty Bolt buses passed us by. Perhaps given the weather, one of those buses could have been used as a sheltered waiting area? There were BoltBus staff members around who could have potentially administered such a temporary waiting area and moved customers onto the proper bus when it arrived.Communication between the Bolt Bus central office, their staff on the ground in NYC, and customers was inconsistent at best. The on-the-ground staff member was as helpful as he could be, but clearly the central office failed to communicate updated information to him. Our on the ground staffer informed us of a delay and indicated that the bus would arrive within 15 minutes. By calling the central Bolt office, passengers were informed that our bus was delayed because it had been in a minor accident and would arrive "as soon as a police report had been filed," implying that 15 minutes was an underestimate of how long it would take for the bus to arrive. BoltBus, please do a better job of communicating with your staff. (And also, consider the basic well-being of your staff members - they were standing out in the cold and snow, too.) The only reason I\'m giving this review 2 stars is because our trip from Philadelphia to NYC went off without a hitch. The trouble with BoltBus is the unreliability. Whenever I don\'t necessarily need to be anywhere on-time, I might take Bolt again. But I\'ll be bringing an extra scarf!', 'stars': '2', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "I've been riding the Bolt Bus for almost 4 years. Sad to say it has gone downhill. Buses are not as clean, interior/exterior, often late, wifi service is unreliable and forget about the heat/air service is inconsistent as well.Lately, I've been so concerned about the bed bug infestation in NYC, Philly and DC that with those vinyl cracked seats or cushion covering, I wonder how often do they clean & disinfect those seats. Really. I've had friends that has had problems and offices, theaters and bus/train stations being such high traffic areas, these places are just susceptible to bedbugs. So, as a precaution, I've started travelling eith those XL ziploc bags where I can put my tote inside. Seal & lock and my belongings are contained. Now, as soon as I get home, I throw everything in the wash. You just don't know that a bedbug might hitchike in your bag, shoes or clothes. Yuck!", 'stars': '3', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "This is the most terrible bus service I've ever taken...you're better off catching a Chinatown bus. I only give it one star because I have to. When purchasing tickets, the site gives you a departure and arrival time, neither of which are correct... Catching a bus to Washington DC from 33rd between 11th and 12th aves in NY, departing at 11:30, arriving at 4pm turned into departing at 11:45am, making an extra stop on Canal st (which they don't even disclose when you purchase your tickets) and arriving in DC at 5:10 pm. The driver blamed traffic, which there was none of besides in NY from 33rd to Canal. I had an Amtrak train to catch in DC at 4:50pm which I missed and had to pay extra for the next train... I'm on the bus back to NY now and the bathroom doesn't even lock! Have you ever tried using the bathroom while having to constantly hold the door from swinging open? Let me tell you... NOT FUN! Especially when you gotta wipe your ass. This is inexcusable. I called customer service and they basically told me to write a complaint which they said will most likely be ignored or denied anyway... Do yourself a HUGE favor and do not waste your time or money on bolt bus. As much as I want to see their headquarters burned to the ground, I will hold my composure and handle this issue in a legal manner to get reimbursed for my tickets as well as the extra money spent on my train due to their lateness. Done with boltbus... Taking megabus or Chinatown buses from now on.", 'stars': '1', 'usefull_likes': '1'}
{'review': "So I'm searching online for a ticket on a Sunday from DC to NY over a month in advance and I come across some insane $17-$27 tickets. What?! Unheard of. I've been using Bolt for ~2 years now and they're getting pretty bold and full of themselves. The whole purpose is to provide cheaper, if not as comfortable, trips. Why would I shell out $21 for a ticket when Amtrak is still selling $49 tickets? Anyway, I checked for Monday and they're selling $10 tickets. So I guess the cheap tickets are during the week in the middle of the day. But Bolt has definitely increased their prices, which I find frustrating.Apart from that, comfortable seats, better than expected WiFi, organized service. Usually the drivers are nice and the people checking your ticket are pretty stoic, but not rude. They provide garbage bags and outlets (!). I've never used a bathroom in there but I can hold it. ALMOST always on time (only once were we late, about two hours, but I had a sudden fever so it seemed like forever). If you're going to go for any bus - this is it. Like I said, pricier than you'd expect when all buses claim to be cheap, but it's first class compared to MegaBus, which is a complete and total craphole.", 'stars': '3', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "I have lived in cities for all of my adult life and I've made it a life goal to never own a car, so I spend a LOT of time on buses and commuter rail to get around to see friends and family. I've taken Chinatown buses, Megabus, BoltBus, and Greyhound lines, and I've traveled to most of the cities that can be reached from NYC. I've concluded that Greyhound Express is really the best bus to take overall, but when traveling to Philly, I need my bike and BoltBus is the only bike-friendly bus company now that the Chinatown buses have been shut down by the feds.The bike-friendly policy alone puts BoltBus ahead of the competition, but the way they handled the aftermath of a recent nightmarish bus ride really showed me how much they put their competitors to shame. Long story short, the NYC to Philly route should take 2 hours and this particular ride took 4.5! After hours of being stuck in traffic, having taken the wrong road off the highway, and then finally getting to Philly and getting lost in Center City trying to find 30th Street Station, all without AC on one of the hottest days of the year, it was finally revealed that it was the driver's first day and the company had for some reason not placed an instructor on the bus to guide the new driver through peak Friday-evening traffic. Not only was it an extremely unpleasant and ultimately frightening ride when we realized what was going on, but my evening plans with friends had been ruined. I understood that it was not the driver's fault, but rather BoltBus's for putting the new driver in that terrible situation without guidance. But nonetheless, this screw-up begged a refund.I was dreading the wasted time sitting on hold and arguing with someone over the phone, which I have done with Megabus countless times before. But before I even had the chance to sit down and call BoltBus when I got home a few days later, I received a preemptive e-mail from the company apologizing for the error and offering a refund for the trip. Wow!Here is the context of my amazement. At one time, I stood in literally freezing rain for 4 hours waiting for an unexplained delayed Megabus to show up on the day before Thanksgiving and was forced to choose between waiting an unknown amount of time in the freezing wet or not going home for the holiday at all since all other transit options were long since sold out. When the bus finally did show up, there was no explanation or apology from the Megabus employees. And no refund given even when pleaded for. Getting to my family's house around 1am, shivering, soaking wet, nearly 8 hours after what should have been a 3 hour trip with no acknowledgment from Megabus of their responsibility, I vowed to never support Megabus again.Mistakes happen. Errors are made. But it's how the company handles their missteps that really shows what kind of business they are operating. As symbolized by the shade tents BoltBus puts up at their stops while Megabus leaves you to boil in the sun or soak in the rain, BoltBus treats its customers like human beings.", 'stars': '4', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "They were SO close to a 4 star review. So I Bolted up to Boston with a couple buddies for a weekend. Bus up was newish, cleanish, and the rest stop on the way up was an Arby's! Score! I love me a beef'n'chedder! Bus was on time. The only drawback was spotty wifi. Bummer. On the Bolt back, no wifi at all. Bummer. Same cleanish, newish bus though, and we actually got on the bus before our reservation because people hadn't shown up. Nice! AND we stopped at the Arby's again! Yes!We made it all the way back to NYC, down to 35th street, and we were about to cut over to the west side on 34th when...The bus caught on fire. Girls started screaming. Smoke literally filled the bus so it was hard to breath. The driver swung over to the curb and opened the front door (and jumped out). We popped the emergency windows open - notably, the morons by the emergency exit doors DIDN'T open them...and the bus driver didn't instruct them to either. Jumped down to the sidewalk (and it's higher than you'd think). No one was hurt, but it was definitely unpleasant. We just walked away and jumped in the subway. I'm going to assume this was an isolated incident, and I don't feel like our lives were ever in imminent danger or anything.", 'stars': '3', 'usefull_likes': '5'}
{'review': "I'm really impressed. Last time I went to Philly, I took Amtrak, which ran me close to $130. A little ridiculous considering it's a two hour car ride. Enter: BOLTBUS. For $27 round trip ($13 per ticket, with a $1 processing fee) I was Philly in and out bound booked!The area I got on (34th and 8th) is kind of grody, but it's close to every major subway and the Path. The guys who work for them aren't the most helpful, but it's all pretty self explanatory. We were meant to leave at 3:15, and we left around 3:30. Our driver was awesome, and took a quick detour when we approached traffic. Excellent! We were in Philly by 5:45. Totally awesome. I'll definitely do this again in October when I head back.The bus was clean too, and it has WiFi, so I could do work on my computer even though I left early. A+!", 'stars': '5', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "I'm sitting in the sun on east 39th street waiting for a bus that was supposed to leave 20+ minutes ago. There's no bus in sight.Customer service said they had to get a new bus, have no information when it might be here, have no information when they began getting a new bus, and no information about how long that's taken in the past.Thanks for the sunburn and frustration, bolt.", 'stars': '1', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': 'We arrived 45 mins late without AnY traffic. The Internet is useless (10 minutes to load any page) and outlets dont work and the driver (barely speaks english) says there s nothing he can do. PLUS the site quoted me $24 Boston to NYC this AM (4/5/2014 11:15AM) but they billed $28! (to top it all off, they stopped at Burger King - Fung Hua used to stop at a great chinese buffet).', 'stars': '2', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "UPDATED: 4/7/15 - Reduced BB from 4 stars to 2 stars & removed megabus comparison since it's outdated.So you want to go to Boston on the cheap. \xa0The $150 RT on Amtrak strikes you as ludicrous and you decide you're going to go via the bus. \xa0The cheap chinatown death traps are no longer in service so you have the standard choices of Greyhound/PeterPan, BoltBus (which is owned by PP/GH), MegaBus (owned by Coach USA), and more recent entrants like Go Bus. \xa0I've taken the BoltBus probably 20+ times so feel like I am able to write a meaningful review on them. Comfort: The quality of the seats are unfortunately hit or miss on BB \xa0these days. \xa0A few years ago it seemed every BoltBus was new and had nice leather seats. \xa0My most recent trip makes me wonder if they're still investing in quality buses or starting to buy cheaper, older, used buses. \xa0That being said, the seats are still comfortable and offer plenty of leg room. \xa0 WIFI & Power: \xa0The wifi seems to be worse than ever which is strange considering how much the technology has advanced over the past 6 or 7 years. \xa0On my most recent trip I was unable to connect at all. \xa0The power situation seems to be going downhill as well. \xa0My last bus had no power on the entire right hand side if the bus. \xa0The Ride: \xa0On a good day you can make the drive in around 4 hours, in fact I've always been on time with BoltBus. \xa0However, I always avoid leaving/arriving in either city during 8a-10a or 4p-7p which probably has something to do with it. \xa0 Boarding: \xa0BoltBus is fairly organized and you board by group (A, B, or C) and now depart/arrive from Tribeca, \xa033rd & 11th, and 38th & 1st depending on destination. But these are still a bit of a hike from most subways. \xa0Overall, I used to be partial to BB and usually willing to pay a few bucks more since I thought they offered a better service than their competition. \xa0Unfortunately that's not the case anymore. \xa0If I had sat in the first seat I picked today, \xa0I would have had no power, no wifi, and no leather seats. \xa0To be honest the seats were still comfortable but I have an issue with a company advertising amenities as their point of difference and then not providing any of what was promised. \xa0I can understand maybe one of these things not being available... but 0 of 3 is unacceptable.", 'stars': '2', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': 'I took the Boltbus roundtrip from Greenbelt, Md to NYC for the first time. The super cheap rates, charger outlets, and free wifi bated me in to taking the ride. Ok so the 9:45 am bus that pulled up to Greenbelt metro on Tue was a blue Geyhound bus. So I was a bit leary. I soon learned that Greyhound and Boltbus work together. The Greyhound ride \xa0turned out pretty smooth. The bus was clean with comfy leather seats, working outlets, and free wifi. Bus driver made a 10 min stop halfway thru and we arrived to NYC on schedule. Now as I am sitting here writing this review my stomach continues to turn from the strong smell of urine that lingers throughout the bus. My charger keeps falling out of what appears to be an outlet coming from the top of the seat facing me. The 11:45 am (Fri) \xa0bus pulled out about 10 min late. Oh and no leather seats on this ride. Might I add that this is a red Boltbus that pulled up. Yuk the smell!!! And the hike to the nearest subway in 90 degree weather is a workout. Those 3 \xa0blocks are super long \xa0to/from Penn Station on 33rd and 8th. Just a heads up in case you have lots to carry. \xa0I give 3 stars because the bus trip up to NYC was perfect.', 'stars': '3', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "Awesome experience. Maybe it can be a hit or miss with this company but for me it was a complete hit. Booked only a few days in advance for \xa0roundtrip from NYC to Philly. The bus was on time. (Seriously we left right on the dot). Clean, had outlets \xa0to plug in devices, and maybe because it was early in the day, but nice and quiet. The seats were pretty roomy and comfy \xa0and you could adjust the amount of air conditioning you wanted from the buttons on top. The only thing was that the wifi was not working on the bus back to NYC. Which I'm ok with. I have a smartphone anyways and I wanted to nap. =)Took a little less then 2 hours to get to Philly and the about 2.5 hours to get back to NYC. The traffic was heavy coming back. Also, it is nice because you get a wide range of times to choose from when deciding when to arrive and depart. If you miss a bus, apparently you can be on standyby for the next bus, if it isn't full. Our buses weren't full for either journey. Overall, a great experience considering we paid $22 roundtrip a person. Taking the train would have cost way more!", 'stars': '5', 'usefull_likes': '5'}
{'review': "My experience was a nightmare. The online ticket purchase system logged that we'd purchased the wrong number of tickets. Instead of having four round-trip tickets, we had one round-trip and three one-way (the user interface doesn't even give you the option to purchase that way in one transaction!). Bolt Bus sent three different confirmation emails with different information for the one transaction, so it wasn't clear that the number of tickets was incorrect until we tried to print them.The customer service was appalling. Rather than trying to help, the rep told me that the computer error was my fault. She did not even offer to look into it, as a computer error is likely part of a larger problem. I contacted Bolt Bus by email, and I received a reply without so much as an apology for the inconvenience.On the actual bus trip, the Wi-fi was not working, and you'd jolt forward out of your seat every time the bus stopped because the seats we so rickety. To top it off, the driver spent several minutes making sexually suggestive jokes on the intercom. All in all, it was stressful and uncomfortable. I'll be traveling on MegaBus from now on.", 'stars': '1', 'usefull_likes': '2'}
{'review': "I take Bolt all the time from Philly to NYC and back. \xa0I like it better than Mega bus. \xa0But they HAVE been late on occaision. \xa0Wish they could be more timely.I had been taking Amtrak (way expensive) every 2 weeks up and back to NYC, but now that my dad told me about Bolt bus - ihave used it twice. \xa0The first time was awesome - but the second time our 8:30 AM bus did not arrive until 9 AM -needless to say we arrived about 35 minutes late to NY.Like others below - how the heck to they make money? \xa0For me and 2 other to go up and back to NYC was under $60.00. \xa0The tickets ranged from $7 to $13 one way. \xa0I have only gotten the $1 fare once.Also - there is a 50 cent surcharge for each transaction - so keep that in mind when you book.I am kinda hoping this stays a secret because the busses are getting more & more crowded each time we go.I also agree that the seats are very stiff and not comfy - but the busses are new and CLEAN (not like Chinatown hell, I mean, bus). \xa0I did not use the wifi - but others did. \xa0There are plenty of outlets (pugs) and also sometimes they'll play a movie.MUCH cheaper than Amtrak. \xa0During the winter (icy roads) I may be forced back to Amtrak.", 'stars': '4', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "Usually a decent ride for the price but trip from Boston to NYC today was 45 minutes late. Wasn't announced until 10 minutes late. Bus driver made no welcome/announcement. Wi-Fi didn't work all trip. Had to ask driver and he mumbled it's broken (!)", 'stars': '3', 'usefull_likes': '2'}
{'review': "I take BoltBus a lot between NY and Philly since I much prefer it to the Megabus. \xa0However, Bolt seems to be getting less consistent as I've been noticing more late buses than I used to, and what really bothers me is that if, say, your 2:00 pm bus is late and the 2:30 bus comes, they load the 2:30 folks and leave your group waiting even longer!This time I am on a trip to DC. \xa0The bus was about 15 minutes late, which I should have expected with the way Bolt has been going.My current complaint is that the internet connection is terrible! \xa0After getting very frustrated after having to wait about half an hour to even get a connection at all, it is very VERY slow. Driving me crazy.Have taken DC2NY before and don't recall such slow internet! \xa0Also personally wish we had a movie to make the time pass faster. \xa0Have never seen Bolt use their tv screens!Ugh getting carsick so I better go. \xa0Not a pleasant trip. :/", 'stars': '2', 'usefull_likes': '6'}
{'review': "I've ridden Bolt dozens of times, and so I can say with confidence that they need to do a better job enforcing the lines at DC Union Station. Every time I ride, lots of people who arrived early end up having to board the bus last, and have to sit in the back next to the smelly toilets. Bolt is largely to blame for the mass confusion in the lines that enables other people to cut. In particular, it is never clear which line corresponds to A,B, and C (they are unlabeled) and which lines correspond to which times. More importantly, when the driver calls the lines, he does so in a way that encourages the lines to lose their order (the bus is often parked away from the front of the line, and the dividers between the lines do not extend very far). Too many people take advantage of the confusion and cut in line. Yes, the riders deserve some of the blame for breaking the rules of the line. But BoltBus enables this situation by not making the line system clear.Another option: Bolt Bus could enforce assigned seats (based on how early people reserved tickets) if they do not feel like enforcing lines.", 'stars': '2', 'usefull_likes': '2'}
{'review': "WOW. Have you read Dave L's review?!?! \xa0I haven't had that bad of an experience with bolt bus but reading his review inspires me to just want to chime in and take bolt bus down!! \xa0On top of that, you should read all the ridiculous reviews the past 2 months with bolt, they SERIOUSLY need to compensate their customers \xa0for the horrible service!! BOLT BUS your recent reviews are horrible!! \xa0YOU'RE GOING DOWN!", 'stars': '1', 'usefull_likes': '6'}
{'review': 'I have taken the NYC-DC Bolt Bus 30+ times, so I can tell you that it is steadily declining.Typical Bolt Bus experience from NY to DC now:1. Line up on crowded sidewalk. \xa0Rude Bolt Bus employees yell at you to line up and become angry when asking simple questions like "which bus is this?"2. Bus shows up 20-30 minutes late on average. \xa0 One time it showed up 1.5 hours late.3. \xa0Board packed bus. \xa0WiFi does not work and there is no power outlet or it doesn\'t work.4. \xa0Stop in DE if the bus driver feels like it.5. \xa0Arrive 1-1.5 hours later than expected. \xa0Maximum time was 2.5 hours once.They have lost me as a customer and I will be experimenting with other bus lines, namely Megabus and Washington Deluxe.', 'stars': '2', 'usefull_likes': '2'}
{'review': 'I\'m not one for sleep. I barely sleep at home, I can\'t sleep in cars, and I don\'t sleep on airplanes. But stick me on a bus and I am knocked out. There\'s something about being elevated, in a comfy seat, and being rocked gently that puts me in the REM state. It\'s wonderful. I think I just caught up on a year\'s worth of missed sleep.BoltBus was pretty good. I got on an earlier bus than I was supposed to because the bus wasn\'t full. I thought I would arrive at my destination half an hour earlier but I ended up landing an hour and 15 minutes late. I think we were traveling at a slower MPH due to the rain.Four things happened on my trip which need to be addressed:1) I got on the bus without showing my ticket or identification. Cool for me because it saved time but scary for safety. I am not a scam artist or psycho but the security on this bus did not make me feel any better about my irrational fear of sitting next to someone who might chop my head off with a knife.2) The BoltBus wifi web page wasn\'t configured to mini internet browsers. My iPod Touch was not compatible. Boooooo. I felt so left out on a bus full of people on Facebook.3) Purell and another antibacterial hand sanitizer was available in the bathroom. The no name hand sanitizer made my hands smell like skunk. However, the bathroom was really clean and bigger than an airplane lavatory. 4) At one point during the trip the busdriver pulled over to the shoulder on the highway. He got out of the bus and didn\'t tell any of us what was going on. We heard some sounds and just waited for him to come back. Was he taking a leak? Did we have a flat tire? Was our bus broken? Someone stood up and yelled, "The light is on! It says jet fuel!" Clearly that was the problem. Busdriver came back and started driving. He never did tell us what happened.Oh yeah, we almost got into a car accident. Some car overtook and cut off our bus. Isn\'t that a big no no taught in driver\'s ed? STUPID! We each held on to the seat in front of us and all the bags that were on the floor slid down the aisle to the front of the bus.Issues aside, Bolt was really awesome. I wish I had a laptop so I could surf the web during trips. Prices were awesome as well as the comfort level of the bus. The employees were nice and helpful. I would choose Bolt over the Fung Wah bus any day.', 'stars': '4', 'usefull_likes': '5'}
{'review': 'Underwhelming and deceiving. I traveled on the day the whole world returned home from Christmas vacation. This, to me, is the true test of a good bus company. \xa0I was expecting Bolt to be able to anticipate the spike in demand of holiday travelers, and therefore be prepared with the appropriate fleet. I also expected them to manage the crowds better than the cheap companies, but that was not true either. It was really just Greyhound/Peter Pan under the guise of Bolt that, during a busy time, was unable to deliver on the Bolt services that people expect.The scene as the gate was utter madness. They were boarding the 10 a.m. Philly bus at the same gate as the 10 a.m. NYC bus. However, the sign said "Philadelphia 10:30" and the man checking tickets was yelling "Philly! 10 am bus!" There were a whole bunch of frantic people, myself included, who were instructed on their ticket to report to that gate. The man collecting tickets was completely bombarded with questions and no other employees were around to help direct people to the right bus. Outside the gate, one Peter Pan bus was lined up next to two Bolt Buses, with no signs on any of them marking the destination. We were told by other passengers that the Peter Pan bus was the NY-bound bus. Everyone was confused, even as we were pulling out of the gate. Some people had to jump off at the last minute, realizing they were not on a Philly bus. Being a PP bus, there were no working outlets and no WiFi access. If they were going to cheap out on us, at least give us those pink plastic shopping bags for garbage disposal.', 'stars': '2', 'usefull_likes': '4'}
{'review': "Never buying Bolt bus again.. Long story short.. They have no ticket cancellation procedure, you can only reschedule and even for that you have to call them. The rescheduling fee is $5.50 which you have to pay even if the price on the reschedule date is less than the price of the original ticket. Plus, you lose the difference in price.So this is what happened for me. I bought \xa0a ticket from Washington DC to Newark for 26th May, 2014. The price of the ticket was $40. Due to a terrible situation at work I could not go and wanted to cancel/reschedule. But since I cannot cancel, reschedule is the only option. Most bus providers let you credit your account and reschedule when your dates become final. But in this case I have to know right away when I will be travelling. So, making a calculated guess, I figured I wont be able to go before July 20th so I wanted to reschedule it for that day. But the lady on the phone told me that the latest date they have available is 20th June!! She wants me to reschedule for that date and then later reschedule again for 20th July when the dates become available. Basically paying $5.50 twice!!This being still better than losing $40 dollars, I thought I may as well do it. So I asked her to reschedule for 20th June. The price of the ticket for this date is $27. I thought since this is less than $40 I wont have to pay the $5.50 and was quite shocked that she asked for my card details. And when I asked her why she very rudely said that I can put in suggestions in customer service.Eventually I decided not to put any more money into this bus and just let lose my $40.The only reason I was booking boltbus was because they have service to Newark which a lot of other buses dont have but I'm pretty sure I will find one that has.", 'stars': '1', 'usefull_likes': '3'}
{'review': "Clean and new buses, run by Greyhound, if I'm not mistaken, and speedy, cheap service between Boston, NY, Philadelphia, and Baltimore/DC. There are a few other destinations, too, but really I only use it for the four destinations above.It always takes more time on a bus than the schedule says. Traffic will always do that at major cities. No surprises there. \xa0Cost - less than if I drove myself, so that was nice.Bright orange buses, and limited cheap tickets (rarely overbooking), and decent advertising. Staff isn't bad, either, friendly and most of them speak English.", 'stars': '3', 'usefull_likes': '2'}
{'review': "Like the Unicorn or the Lochness Monster, you often hear about the Boltbus $1 ticket but never really believe it exists. \xa0Well I must have hit the Boltbus lotto because I scored on my very first time booking a trip on a long weekend no less. \xa0That's right bitches - the $1 ticket truly does exist. \xa0As a marketing practice to compete against the Chinatown buses, they give away the first seat on the bus for $1. \xa0There is an online processing fee of 50 cents per web transaction.The downside? It's Baltimore and not the more popular cities like WDC, Philly or Boston. \xa0Lol. \xa0I still needed to go and $1 one way is better than the $69 one way by Amtrak. \xa0I also got a $1 ticket on the way back as well. \xa0Woo-hoo.I booked my ticket online, it's fairly intuitive so no problems looking over the scheduled times and the different destinations. \xa0PRINT OUT THE E-MAIL TICKET AND BRING IT WITH YOU. \xa0THIS IS YOUR ONLY TICKET.My trip was over Columbus Day weekend and I was just doing a day trip. \xa0I left early Saturday morning and the line had already been forming in front of Sbarro's on 33rd St./7th Ave.The boarding process is a little disorganized as people will rush the bus and ignore the line. \xa0The bus was completely full but the seating was comfortable, clean and didn't smell.The restroom is like an airline bathroom WITHOUT a sink. \xa0They have a Purell dispenser for you to wash your hands. \xa0I would suggest bringing some sanitizing wet naps with you just in case. \xa0The A/C was on full blast so you will freeze your ass off unless you have a jacket. \xa0At no fault of the driver, when we arrived within a mile of our destination, we literally sat for 45 minutes as the police blocked off a main thoroughfare for the Baltimore Marathon. \xa0Aaarrgghhh! - It was obvious that some Kenyan runner probably won the race 4 hours ago so c'mon, re-route the marathon. \xa0Those runners weren't even trying. \xa0Anyway, we arrived late. \xa0The bus stop is 1 block from the Amtrak station so it's very convenient and justified my decision to take the bus over Amtrak. \xa0I grabbed a $10 cab ride to my destination in Inner Harbour.On the return trip, the bus only had about a dozen passengers. \xa0As such, everyone got to spread out. \xa0We made it back to NYC in a little over 3 hours. \xa0I guess every bus driver has different preferences on the A/C level. \xa0The A/C was on much lower so it was a more comfortable trip. \xa0Overall, I spent just as much time on the bus as I did in Baltimore itself but it couldn't be avoided as it was a day trip. \xa0I spent $2.50 to book my round trip tickets to Baltimore. \xa0I spent that much on a train ride in NYC.The midtown location of Boltbus is more convenient than me going to Chinatown so I can't wait to book my next trip even if it's full price. \xa0Cheers!N.", 'stars': '5', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': 'Reasonably reliable, and usually equipped with wi fi and outlets.If anything goes wrong, however, they have the worst customer service imaginable. Like, people that UPS and the post office rejected for being total assholes. It\'s pretty grim.Don\'t believe me? Look at the other negative reviews - yeah, it\'s great when things go fine, but a truly great company handles things properly when they don\'t. Bolt Bus\' attitude is clearly "screw you, pricks," in these outcomes.Also, check out Dave L.\'s review here. It\'s possibly the most extreme case, but pretty indicative of Bolt Bus\' shitty customer service.Added - take a gander at the Bolt Bus hatefest on their #bolting tag on Twitter. I\'m guessing that\'s not what they had in mind, but when they let their service drop so badly... And don\'t bother interacting with the poor bastard they have typing away at their Twitter account. That person will just direct you to the customer service folks, who will summarily instruct you to self-fornicate.It\'s a serious bummer - I had to commute NYC-BOS nearly every weekend for two years, and to watch what has happened to Bolt Bus from 2009 (when it was awesome) to present day (where I want to stick forks in their eyes) is really unfortunate.', 'stars': '1', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "Bus travel is difficult. \xa0We don't make it easy or pleasant but it is economical. \xa0Bolt Bus NY to Boston. \xa0Thought the loading on 34th Street might be much nicer than Port Authority. \xa0Can't say that it was. \xa0We left on time. \xa0The bus was not new, not nicer than greyhound. \xa0No armrests between the seats, no cupholders \xa0It's very hard to manage your belonging and to have a bite and some refreshment. Inexplicable stop in CT at a Popeyes. \xa0Not a proper rest stop. \xa0The ladies room facilities were one at a time. \xa0And ... Popeyes? \xa0Really? \xa0Couldn't we stop at a rest stop where there are multiple restroom facilities and something else on offer besides Popeyes? \xa0Other than that, it worked for me. \xa0Got me where I wanted for $22. \xa0Not bad. \xa0Only thing is, I took Greyhound down to NY and I have to say that the Greyhound bus was in much better shape than the Bolt bus.", 'stars': '3', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "If I could give this horrible bus company no stars, I would.First, they're horrible/stingy/rude/unforgiving attitude will never permit anyone to receive a refund at any costs even if the entire ruin of the trip was there fault. First, thank god it was summer, because waiting for a bus for 2 hours in the cold w/ a 6 month old child would've been an immediate lawsuit. Anyway, my bus ticket was for 3:30 & the bus came at 5:30, on top of that more traffic came up & we ended up arriving at 9:30PM which is ridiculous! When I came back home from the trip I then decided to call them to get a refund since I had things planned for when I got there at that certain time. I had to EMAIL the supervisor which was insane & had to wait 2 weeks for a final reply which was him stating that he could not give me a refund. I then just decided to never choose this company again & have since used mega bus which is more spacious, fast service & conveniently located.", 'stars': '1', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "Bolt bus works for what I need to do. \xa0I've taken it twice for a roundtrip to and from Baltimore. The bus left on time on all legs of the trip and it was smooth sailing the whole time. \xa0My driver made one rest stop for 15 minutes. \xa0There aren't outlets in every seat so scan the seat before you sit (if you need to charge). The wifi isn't that great so you will need patience.The boarding process in NY is annoying but it works out at the end. I just hate the mad dash to the line and everyone trying to get on the bus at one time.I tried to book a roundtrip ticket online but only one half of the trip processed. I called customer service and they agreed to refund me the $1 processing fee so I wouldn't get charged twice. The customer service agent was not friendly but he did get the job done.", 'stars': '4', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': 'Great service right outside my door on 38th and first. The only problem is the people who take it are animals and drop their garbage on the sidewalk as they are waiting for the bus to arrive. You would think that bolt bus would at least install a sponsored garbage can for their patrons and for the residents they are disturbing.', 'stars': '1', 'usefull_likes': '4'}
{'review': 'I took the BoltBus to D.C. on a Tuesday afternoon. It\'s kinda like the Chinatown bus except you get it on 33rd and 7th, by Sbarro\'s (it totally says "by Sbarro\'s" on their website). You buy your ticket online in advance and then they text or email you a code to show the driver when you get on the bus. It\'s $15 one way and there are outlets and free wi-fi. OK so it\'s not really like the Chinatown bus...', 'stars': '3', 'usefull_likes': '1'}
{'review': "I had a great experience. Maybe I just lucked out, I don't now - it's the first time I've ever ridden Bolt Bus (this past week) and it was great. Left on time from Manhattan and, despite it being rush hour during the middle of the week, made it to Philadelphia early! It was comfortable, not overcrowded (again, maybe this is a unique experience?), the driver seemed extremely competent and was helpful when I had questions, and the wi-fi seemed to be working pretty well most of the trip. So I can't complain. I will ride them again - and hopefully will have the same experience!", 'stars': '4', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "Bolt bus saved my life. In DC for my friends birthday (for a night! true friend right here!) and I missed my early morning bus on DC2NY back to NY. I honestly couldn't find the bus pick up location and at that time of the morning only beggars were out so I was assed out on directions. In the rain w/ last nights mascara and a night bag I made my way down the street in tears. A nice doorman of a building approached me and asked me if I was alright and mentioned another bus pick up location for BoltBus passengers. I didn't care if it was a pick up from a donkey and a cat, I just had to get back. Desperate with low expectations I made my way down the street looking for an orange bus. In a panic seeing a crowd of people I ran over and spoke to one of the dispatchers and asked him how I can get on this bus. He pointed me to an AT&T and I bought the ticket on the spot! Home sweet home in about 4 hours. I heart Bolt!", 'stars': '5', 'usefull_likes': '3'}
{'review': "This is a way better option than Megabus! My bus to DC arrived on time and was speedy, clean, safe and pleasant. Compared to the 2 hours I waited for the Megabus coming back... It is a bus, so obviously it isn't going to be luxury but considering the other options, Bolt has been the best by far.", 'stars': '4', 'usefull_likes': '3'}
{'review': "As a first time rider I was thoroughly disappointed on how late we were from the expected arrival time. We were almost 3 hrs behind schedule which to me seems unheard of. I'm now wasting a full day on a bus who has the most uncomfortable leather seats that hurt your posture instead of exploring New York City. Never again.", 'stars': '1', 'usefull_likes': '2'}
{'review': 'This bus is the best ever...I only wish it was around during my college days..Great promotion which allows you one free one-way trip for every 8 trips you book online.. Also, from time to time, there is $1 bus tickets..Very comfy, good spacing, internet access on the bus makes the trip go by so fast..I get so lost on the internet that I\'m like, "We\'re in Boston already".The only negatives:They need to add Toronto and Montreal to their list of destinations.andI wish the bus depot was in Port Authority...would be 5 stars if they addressed the negatives....Signing off,I\'m Jay Dot and I endorse Bolt Bus...', 'stars': '4', 'usefull_likes': '1'}
{'review': 'Overall great experience for our trip to Boston. We were originally planning on taking the Amtrak for about $35/pp each way, but realized too late that those prices are only applicable for 14-day advance purchase. Scrambling to find alternate methods of transportation, we received a recommendation for Fung Wah. And while I thoroughly enjoyed reading the disastrous Fung Wah reviews (yelp.com/biz/fung-wah-tr), it helped me by pointing me to BoltBus, which I strongly recommend.We went online (website is a little glitchy, so beware) and picked up round trip tickets for about $30 each. Supposedly you can find tickets for $1, though; probably not a week before you want to travel. They have an A/B/C system similar to Southwest, and a rewards program as well if you\'re a frequent traveler. Unfortunately, you don\'t get any benefits of being C-3 (like we were) or C-33; all C\'s line up the same, so get there early.The NY stop is at 34th and 8th, and is somewhat of a clusterflux. We got there about 20 minutes early; the bus showed up 15 minutes late. There was someone from BoltBus working there to tell us the bus was late; in any case, it pulled up and she sounded peeved at the driver for taking his sweet time. His response: NY traffic, what are you gonna do? The boarding process there is a gigantic mess. You\'re responsible for getting your own baggage on the bus, and she didn\'t really follow the letter system, so we pushed and shoved our way on.Once on the bus though, things were gravy. The seats seem like faux-leather but are surprisingly comfortable. The wi-fi (which I used on the way back) was extremely spotty (it was slow just loading my espn.com homepage) but was offered for the low low price of free, and there\'s also complementary outlets. They took a 10 minute bathroom break both ways, and the driver was consistent.Their Boston South Station location is infinitely preferable. \xa0First of all, it\'s an actual bus depot, so you wait inside with a dedicated BoltBus booth. They have the triple lines, so if you\'re C, get there early to get to the front of the line.The only quibble I had was the "promise" of arriving back in New York at 5:45 (from a 1:30 departure time). I realize trying to get into the city on a Friday afternoon poses somewhat of a challenge, but we didn\'t arrive until 7:15, even leaving right on time. I\'ll lay this one on the bus drive; she was a bit of an odd bird. Upon entering NY, she pulled over twice on the highway inexplicably (once to use the bathroom), and she may have run the side of the bus into the median. Super. Other than that and the massive delay, it was an uneventful ride.', 'stars': '5', 'usefull_likes': '1'}
{'review': 'I have taken BoltBus more times than I can count (almost exclusively Boston to New York twice a month for almost \xa03 years). \xa0As already mentioned in other reviews there are outlets at every seat, WiFi (though in my experience it has only gone down once and that was my second time almost 3 years ago), CUPHOLDERS!, comfortable seats with a decent amount of legroom. \xa0In my countless times using BoltBus I have never experienced a break down and only once was the bus late. \xa0They have ramped up the amount of staff at the stop in New York stop. My ranking for New York to Boston buses:1. BoltBus2. Lucky Star (indoor waiting area at New York stop and wifi)3. Fung Wah4. everything else5. Megabus (I\'m 4\'11" and if I wanted my knees that far in my mouth I would have had them surgically implanted!)Protip: In order to get A or B tickets just register and make sure that you are logged in when you purchase.', 'stars': '5', 'usefull_likes': '1'}
{'review': "Tried this line twice....and they have most uncomfortable seats I have ever sat on. Our driver needed to stop to pee every 90 minutes. Obviously he has a untreated prostate issue. With all the time we spent waiting on him to pee I guess I could have written him a prescription for Flomax! When I can't get to NYC via amtrak I'll stick with DC2NY they are ALWAYS on time, good customer service absolutely worth the extra money.", 'stars': '1', 'usefull_likes': '4'}
{'review': "I've heard all these nice things about BoltBus so I decided to use it on my trip to DC. NYC to DC (Tuesday afternoon)I loved that I was able to get a $15 ticket in the middle of the week from NYC to DC. That was completely awesome. The bus wasn't crowded going there so everyone had the seat next to them free. The wifi was spotty cutting in and out. There was a bit of a smell on the bus but that could have been Sbarro which we were parked in front of and the outlets on this bus didn't work. Nonetheless the bus was fairly empty and the ticket was cheap.DC to NYC (Friday morning)I didn't buy a roundtrip ticket because I wasn't sure when I was going to leave...now I wish I did. The ticket from DC to NYC on a Friday was $25. It gets even better. The bus was completely full. Sitting next to someone made me realize how cramped and uncomfortable the seating can get especially if you have a bag. The wifi was again spotty but the outlets worked this time. At the end of the day I do like BoltBus. It's cheap and gets you were you want to go.The trip itself felt as though it went by very fast. I'll just avoid taking it on days when I know it might be busy in the future.", 'stars': '4', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "Screw MegaBus. \xa0Go Bolt.I don't need to say much more than that, but if you want me to put some meat on that bone, here ya go:1. \xa0BoltBus is on time much more frequently than MegaBus is.2. \xa0BoltBus's WiFi works most of the time, albeit slowly.3. \xa0BoltBus's power outlets have never failed me. \xa0Guess what? \xa0I can't say any of those things about MegaBus. \xa0Is it a perfect service? \xa0Nah. The line system in NYC is extraordinarily confusing. \xa0They insist on stopping at Roy Roger's, of all places, on the NYC to/from Boston route. \xa0When busses are late, they don't communicate well to waiting passengers. \xa0They don't really enforce their A/B/C seating order very well, which is very irritating to those who actually follow the rules. \xa0And why do they have that silly system, anyway?But still: they're a cheap, reliable service that offers good features. \xa0Tip: if you want to get an A or B ticket, it's NOT about when you buy. \xa0You have to set up a (free) rewards account to get access.", 'stars': '4', 'usefull_likes': '5'}
{'review': "Difficult bus company to work with. Their buses are ok and WiFi is spotty. I booked a trip that I found out 1 hour later I needed to cancel and didn't need to reschedule (booked 2 roundtrip tickets so it was around $75 dollars). They would not refund me, give me a credit only re-schedule with a fee. I was told there were no managers to speak with. I called my credit company, disputed the charges and eventually was credited but only because they did not want to dispute. Take GoBusBoston instead.", 'stars': '1', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "It's a solid 3. It's almost a 4. It's a million times better than Megabus in my experience. It's clean, comfy for a bus, and it was right on time. I'd definitely ride again", 'stars': '3', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "I've taken Bolt to NYC and back a couple times now--I really like them! \xa01) Their online purchasing system is super easy, and rewards are easy to get. \xa0$1 tickets are hard to score, but prices are typically pretty reasonable.2) They're usually on time--there has only been one time that my bus has left late. \xa0The trip is always shorter than I anticipate--I'm not sure how they do it?!3) They're safe. \xa0I've heard of a million bus accidents (usually Chinatown buses, or that one dreadful Megabus accident I heard about, etc.) \xa0As far as I know, I've never heard of a Boltbus accident4) Wireless on Bolt is SO MUCH BETTER than wireless on Megabus5) PLUGS AT EVERY SEAT. point, Bolt!6) the seats are pretty comfy, and the buses are fairly clean (compared to some other buses I've been on)7) I usually get a little carsick after a few hours of sitting in the back half of the bus. \xa0The one time I didn't sit in the front half, I was perfectly fine--thumbs up to the driver!all in all, they're great--or at least, have been in my experience.", 'stars': '4', 'usefull_likes': '1'}
{'review': "What the hell else am I going to expect from a ticket that is $10-15? Do I have a seat? Yes. Is there GENERALLY electricity for my laptop? Yup. Is there spotty-but-present wifi? Yup.Until today, I had never been late on a BoltBus - I'd always been between 30 minutes early and right on time. Today, we were 2.5 hours late into New York, but it wasn't like the Bolt driver pulled over to watch a movie. There were traffic delays (which he kindly warned us about) because, apparently, rain is Weather on the East Coast.(Cute, New Yorkers.)But I really feel like any time that I take a road-based transit, I'm rolling the dice. So far as those things go, Bolt Bus has done well by me. Maybe people need to adjust expectations?", 'stars': '4', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': 'Boltbus really lost it. Bus was 30 min late. Driver and people are rude and not orderly. Shitty experience overall. No plugs. No table. Driver did not board people based on ticket order. Riders are selfish.', 'stars': '1', 'usefull_likes': '2'}
{'review': "Taking a bus to DC is, economically, \xa0a good decision. But when you feel nauseous from the one hour and forty five minute stop-and-start driving in NYC traffic before you even get to the Holland tunnel, you will be wondering why the hell you didn't fly (or stay home!). The whole trip to DC was 6 hours, which is a long time to be uncomfortable. I was planning on getting some work done on the bus but the Wifi was spotty and there were no tray tables, despite the fact there were plugs. On the way back, it was just under 5 hours plus I had a window seat so it wasn't as bad. However, we left over twenty minutes late and stopped at a particularly unappealing rest stop in Trenton, NJ. The driver was also super rude. It just wasn't a nice experience. If you are able to pay more for a plane ride or maybe even just a nicer bus service, it would be worth it to do so. Some good stuff: I like that you don't have to print out your ticket. Just show a text or the email confirmation. Like I said, a good price. But what is this bolt for a buck stuff? I see the ads but nowhere did I see how to obtain that deal...shady?I booked my ticket on my iphone- very easy process.", 'stars': '2', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "- I hate buses, with that said, bolt bus makes it as painless and affordable as possible- the site doesn't always run as smoothly as I'd like but they've never failed to text me my confirmation", 'stars': '4', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': 'I like Bolt Bus. I\'ve been riding with them since they started offering service from New York in 2008, and I\'ve continued to do so even when MegaBus has had cheaper fares. I like BoltBus because:1. It is a lot less dirty and run-down than Greyhound most of the time. 2. Does not use the somewhat sketchy DC or Philadelphia bus stations, so you can avoid dealing with them. 3. Along the same lines, picks up in good, central locations that are accessible by mass transit. DC \'s pickup is a block from a Metro stop; Philly\'s is right down the block from Septa and the train station; Boston\'s is at the non-creepy bus station, which is also a T stop. 4. Tends to have a lot less creepy clientele than Greyhound. The worst fellow passenger I ever saw on a BoltBus was a hipster who stank of cigarette smoke. The worst passenger I ever saw on Greyhound was someone who was so threatening that I was afraid he\'d follow me once I was off the bus. I\'ll take BoltBus, kthx.5. Has a \'frequent rider\' program. 6. Actually does respond to complaints. I wrote to BoltBus via their website once when I had a bad trip home from DC. The driver scared the hell out of me because of the way he was weaving in and out of traffic and speeding. I quickly got a response from a pretty high-ranking BoltBus manager, who gave me a refund and gave me about three specific steps he was going to take to address the problem. I was very impressed that I didn\'t get a \'thank you for your feedback..." form letter, but instead got a genuine response and a promise to fix the problem through specific means. 7. If the drivers actually use the boarding system, it\'s not so chaotic. They\'re supposed to board in groups, a la Southwest, so there\'s no pushing and shoving. If the driver forgets about the groups, all bets are off, of course. 8. The driver who does the early morning rides to Philadelphia--an older African-American fellow--is a sweetheart. Cons: 1. The drivers don\'t always remember that boarding group business. 2. Some late-night bus service would be nice.', 'stars': '5', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "Coming from \xa0Miami, I never relied much on public transportation, especially long bus rides. \xa0Going to D.C. on a bus for 4 hours and paying less than $40, I was skeptical and a bit concerned with the overall comfort level, safety, and my mental sanity. \xa0How was I suppose to pass time? \xa0But after taking Bolt Bus, \xa0my perception has changed about buses! \xa0At the price I was paying, I was expecting lateness, moldy, unkempt seats, tight cramped quarters, no wifi, and well, you get the point. Bolt bus is not paying me to say this but I wanted to say, I thought Bolt was exactly the antithesis of what I had in mind. \xa0Highlights:-Seats were leather-y, comfortable, and well-maintained-leg room was abundant to stretch out my legs- it was exactly on time. -No mad rush to wait in line. I-Best part: Chargers!! \xa0I don't know about you but even if a bus has wifi, my smart phone / computer/ ipad will die pretty quickly after an extended bus ride. Then when I'm in a new city, I can't use Yelp or Maps because my phone has died!! Having a charger \xa0quickly replenishes all my gadgets. \xa0I love it!I also would like to add that Bolt Bus is professional. \xa0While waiting in non-traffic, a taxi hit us from behind (taxi's fault). \xa0The bus driver handled the situation calmly and followed proper protocol. Sure, we were late but I felt the bus driver calmed us down and assured us bus was OK. Kudos to the bus driver, it's not an easy job!The D.C. bus parks outside of 33rd and 7th, near Sbarros. Perfect location as it's close to K town and you can grab a breakfast, lunch, or dinner before and after the trip (since K town is open 24 hours anyways!).I'm sold. When I need to book a bus from NY, I will definitely use Bolt Bus again!", 'stars': '4', 'usefull_likes': '5'}
{'review': 'As much as bus operators, fellow passengers and at stop employees are rude, I have had worse on their online customer service department on webmaster@boltbus.com & customerservice@boltbus.', 'stars': '1', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "If you've got to be trapped in a long tube on wheels with a few dozen strangers for 4.5 hours then I vote you do that on BoltBus. I've done the NY-DC route a bunch of times now and have yet to hate the experience.Comfy seats, friendly drivers, outlets to plug in and juice up, and wifi - don't plan to do your office work via the wifi as it doesn't always work at 100%...although you might get a good enough signal to update your facebook status to let everyone know how cool BoltBus is.", 'stars': '5', 'usefull_likes': '1'}
{'review': 'Let\'s first quickly discuss bus travel in the northeast and New England and let\'s realize that when you are paying literally nothing to get around your expectations need to match. \xa0With that said, there are tons of options for bus travel (and yes, many companies are owned by the same parent company). Mega Bus was great when it came on the scene a few years ago and what a money-saver. BUT BOLT IS WAY BETTER. \xa0The buses are clean, new, plenty of power outlets, WI-FI that\'s not terribly bad for a moving piece of metal traveling at 60 miles per hour. \xa0For the most part, drivers are great. \xa0Yeah they\'re late sometimes but have you seen traffic in the northeast recently? Be sure to register on their site before booking - this mostly likely will guarantee you "Boarding Group A" which gets you on first.', 'stars': '5', 'usefull_likes': '3'}
{'review': 'I took Boltbus to visit my best friend in Boston and it was greaaaatttt. I cannot rave enough about the ride, the bus, and the amenities it came with. Would you call it amenities? Food for thought. Not really sure why people would complain about Boltbus when Fung Wah PALES IN COMPARISON. Would you rather be set on fire? Would you like to be involved in a traffic accident? Would you like to be sitting on a baby step stool or a lawn chair in the middle of the aisles? WOULD YOU LIKE TO SIT NEXT TO SOMEONE POSSIBLY CLIPPING THEIR TOENAILS?!! Because, I, for one, would f*ck. shit. up. if that were to happen. Seats would be torn, TVs torn from the ceiling, luggage would go flying, and a very colorful exchange of words would happen. Get your tickets early and give Boltbus a try. The earlier it is, the cheaper the ticket.', 'stars': '5', 'usefull_likes': '1'}
{'review': "A poorly managed bus company that rarely leaves on time, breaks down frequently, and its promised internet rarely works. \xa0Judging from other reviews, it appears that all the bus companies except LimoLiner result in miserable experiences. \xa0Right now I am waiting for a bus to leave. \xa0It's about 20 minutes late of the 8:30pm departure time. \xa0Nobody came to load the bus until the departure time, and then we all waited while the driver argued with some people who apparently missed the last bus because they were waiting in the wrong line. \xa0 Who knows if that's true, but I wouldn't be surprised it BoltBus caused the problem considering that its always a mystery which bus is going to Philly and which is going to Boston.", 'stars': '1', 'usefull_likes': '1'}
{'review': "Customer \xa0is no service at all. Buyer beware , morons answer , sometimes , long pauses and then they say, my computer not working call back. Also booked a $58 ticket and needed date and new fare was \xa0$19 , you would think \xa0they would wave the $5.25 change fee, since I'm losing $ (they are going to b making more $ selling my seat which now sells for $78) .", 'stars': '1', 'usefull_likes': '3'}
{'review': 'Bolt Bus is super snazzy, especially when comparing it to its competitors. \xa0(this review is less about how great bolt is, more about how bad the others are - thereby giving BOLT a default 5 stars for being the best bus option!) I am writing this as a veteran user of "discount" NY to _____ buses for the past 8ish years... it started with Chinatown buses which are disgustingly unkempt, dangerously fast, full of rude cellphone talkers, but cheap. \xa0I rode them for a long time because of their convenience and the fact that you could get one at any time without planning too far in advance. \xa0Still, the last straw came when I had to sit next to the bathroom on a Fung Wa bus on a trip to Boston... the stench overwhelmed me and I vowed to never ride Chinatown again.Moving on, I took Greyhound a few times but it was notoriously LATE. \xa0I could get to Philly on a Chinatown bus i half the amount of time as Greyhound purely because of the lesser wait time. \xa0Fail. \xa0I was disappointed because I wrongly assumed that my rider experience would be better if I left from a legit "station" (Port Authority) as opposed to a random street corner on the east side of Ctown. \xa0I was wrong. \xa0I\'d still take Ctown over Greyhound anyday!Then came Megabus... which is OK once you are on... but the buses are always LATE and they overbook the buses. \xa0Not only that, but the workers at the "station" on 31st and 9th ave have no clue what is going on and basically ignore all questions. \xa0There is no customer service! \xa0Once the bus comes, whoever is on line first gets on.... if you have tickets for that particular bus but happened to arrive late - you are SOL - get on the next bus (generally 1 hour later!). \xa0This has happened to me before. \xa0Not to mention the workers treated my bag like a rag doll and tossed it violently into the luggage compartment (good thing my bf took his iPad out seconds before... if they had broke that thing we would have had a situation!)Wow, so yea, BOLT is a breath of fresh air. \xa0Not only are they on time... they have an orderly line with knowledgable workers that will answer your questions, \xa0they don\'t overbook their buses (they will actually "sell out" instead of overbooking like Mega), leather seats, good working WiFi, electrical outlets, and the driver makes announcements throughout the ride so you actually feel like someone cares about you. \xa0So warm and fuzzy and spectacular in comparison to it\'s crappy competition. \xa0Bolt is the way to go.', 'stars': '5', 'usefull_likes': '1'}
{'review': "Took an overnight trip from Baltimore to NYC. \xa0The trip to NYC went smoothly. \xa0On the return...the boarding system is chaotic at best, but what followed was far worse! \xa0After loading everyone's luggage and filling the bus with passengers, the driver announced that the bus Air Conditioning was not working. \xa0No prior warning even though CLEARLY they knew this prior to boarding the bus and they intentionally boarded the bus prior to notifying the passengers!No discount/refund was offered and only a single emergency hatch in the roof of the bus was cracked open for airflow. \xa0It's about 90 degrees and climbing. \xa0I will NEVER ride Bolt Bus again! \xa0They are deceptive, had they told us ahead of time, we could've chosen other options, they intentionally put us in this terrible situation.", 'stars': '1', 'usefull_likes': '1'}
{'review': 'I have never updated a review twice, but after this morning\'s experience with Bolt Bus, I\'m making a special exception.We were scheduled for the 10 a.m. bus out of NYC to Boston. We arrived at the stop with luggage in tow at 9:30 a.m. and watched the 9:30 buses to Boston and Philly leave without a glitch. We waited for our bus to arrive, and waited, and waited some more...another bus arrives from Boston and we are informed by that driver that ours is on its way. Well, okay. What\'s wrong with this bus?Fast forward half an hour or so later. My partner calls the Bolt Bus customer service line to get some information as to why we\'re still waiting in freezing cold weather with no sign of our bus and the 10:30 a.m. people lining up with us. She gets snapped at with a "MA\'AM, you should understand that he [the driver] got stuck in the tunnel and is on his way. He\'ll be there in 5-10 minutes." Well thank you for the information. Now that we know, we [sort of] understand. It\'s kind of difficult for us to understand if we don\'t know what the F is going on. Fast forward another 20ish minutes later, the bus finally arrives. The driver gets out and proceeds to walk in front of the bus and jump on his phone. The entire line of people is busy shivering and shaking like crazy as we\'ve been made to wait a full hour after our bus was supposed to leave, and this guy jumps on his cell phone?!? For those of us who arrived at 9:30 like we were instructed to on the ticket, we\'ve been standing out in the freezing cold for an hour and a half. For someone like me whose cold threshold only goes so high, I was literally shaking so bad I could barely hold anything when we were trying to get our stuff on the bus.But it gets even better. This couldn\'t possibly get worse, could it? Oh yes, it can. Instead of allowing us to go through the snow drift where there\'s a clear dry path, the driver yells at us to literally cross the snow drift where HE wants us to cross, which just happens to be full of slush and water. Everyone\'s soaked by the time we cross, but that\'s how he wanted it to happen (he literally yelled at those of us who tried to cross where it would have made SENSE to cross, e.g. the path that was solid and wouldn\'t have forced us to get completely soaked in advance of our 4-5 hour bus ride to Boston).Bolt Bus, you are simply horrid. I\'ve had multiple bad experiences, but today\'s just takes the cake. I thought that it wouldn\'t be that bad because it\'s the middle of the week but you\'ve even managed to f*ck that one up. Ugh, NEVER again.', 'stars': '1', 'usefull_likes': '3'}
{'review': 'Riding this bus is excellent. If you are some masochistic fuck. I\'ve been stuck on a bolt bus for an hr and a half as we wait for another bolt bus to come (presumably one that is better in the snow). I haven\'t the faintest clue why, knowing that snow was on the forecast, our bus driver didn\'t already have the bus with snow tires on. To make matters worse their "free wifi" is limited to about 10 minutes. This is a chicken-shit bus company. I would rather hitch-hike to Boston with Charles fucking Manson then ride this bus again. Shame on you bolt bus.', 'stars': '1', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "Took Bolt to D.C. this time around. The drivers were friendly. On our way to D.C. the lady said she doesn't make stops at all, but then our driver from D.C. stopped off for 10 min. at a gas station for people to get off the bus and/or get snacks.Yes the bus is equipped with wifi, but my ipod touch ran quite slow. There are outlets and cup holders. Storage space above the seats and of course under the bus.Ticket prices aren't too bad. Cheap tickets are if you leave mid-week and at certain times. They do follow the ticket order (A, B, C) when you're getting onto the bus, but then they don't follow the seat numbers.Great travel option. Only wish the bus could be as nice as the Hampton Luxary Liner bus I took to Woodbury Commons!", 'stars': '4', 'usefull_likes': '2'}
{'review': 'I suppose my Facebook status says it best: To everyone that told me that Bolt Bus is "nice" - I will never forgive you for this.New York to Baltimore - We leave and arrive 15 minutes late. I have a B ticket so I figure it shouldn\'t be a problem getting a window seat, which is super important because I\'m the queen of motion sickness. An awful lot of people seem to have A tickets, and I\'m stuck all the way in the last row by the bathroom, so guess what I get to smell for 3 and a half hours. Pee. Yay. Great way to start Xmas weekend. And my seat wouldn\'t recline and the wifi didn\'t work (logging in went to an error page). Thank goodness I had my own wireless coverage through my cell phone most of the way.Baltimore to New York - I read a review that said that Bolt sometimes leaves early and leaves people stranded, so I got to the pick-up location 30 minutes early in the freezing rain, one of the first people there. The bus was 30 minutes late, so I was standing in the frozen slush for an hour with no notification from Bolt that my bus would be late (come on, Bolt, I could have gone inside if I knew). This wouldn\'t have been a huge deal, but with the rain and slushy sidewalks, it was pretty nightmarish. My toes were numb the whole way home. (While I was waiting for my bus, another Bolt arrived from NY that was 3 1/2 hours late, so thank goodness I wasn\'t on that one.) Then a bunch of people got to board before me because they had A tickets again, even though I was there waaaay before them. (It should be done in order of arrival.) I was stuck all the way in the back again but at least it didn\'t smell like pee. But the wifi didn\'t work in this bus either. And we arrived 45 minutes late.I\'ve been told that Bolt is the best one out of Megabus, Greyhound, etc. If that\'s true, what in the world must those other companies do to you?So everyone that told me Bolt is clean, has wifi, is always on time, etc...? You all proved yourselves wrong. Never again, Bolt. Never again. You get what you pay for.UPDATE: the day after: thanks to standing in the freezing rain for 45 minutes for the bus that was running late, I now have a cold AND my brand new Galaxy S3 touchscreen won\'t work because I got drenched. Thanks again, Bolt. Grumble.UPDATE TO THE UPDATE: 3 weeks later: 3 weeks after emailing Bolt and nudging them to respond to me via Twitter, I still haven\'t heard back from them. Today, I did a bit of Googling and sent an email to five Bolt / Greyhound executives, asking, "What do you plan to do to keep customers if you can\'t even apologize for a terrible experience?" If none of them can bother to respond, I don\'t even know what to think. What a terrible company.', 'stars': '4', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': 'I purchased a ticket online, but when adjusting some of my parameters the date was reset to today\'s date. I inadvertently purchased a ticket with the wrong date (though I originally clicked the correct date, I guess I could have been more careful and double-checked the details). So I call back, and am told that even though there are 5 tickets left for my desired travel time and date, the "system" won\'t allow it. The website tells me tickets are available, but I\'m not allowed to get one!? The phone operator suggests I take a ticket 8 hours earlier... Does she think I have nothing to do? I\'m in town for certain obligations, I can\'t just leave 8 hours early. Then she suggests I just purchase the ticket I need that is available online. Yes, I will... with a different company.No refund, no ability to properly change my ticket (still 5 days before travel). I\'ll take my business elsewhere.', 'stars': '1', 'usefull_likes': '1'}
{'review': "I never know what to expect from the Bolt Bus. I used to always take the Fung Wah but this is more conveniently located to work so I decided to try it. Sorry but I'm back to the Fung Wah. The group system (A, B, etc) is good in theory but usually causes chaos. On 34th St everyone gathers in a huge group and no one (including the few and far between employees) has any idea where/when the bus will be loading. Every time a bus pulls up people run and push towards the door...it's ridiculous. Sometime the buses leave on time, sometimes they show up half-an hour late. \xa0I think the only pro are the power outlets at every set of seats. The Wifi almost never works (at least not fast enough to do anything) and I find the leather seats uncomfortable. On the way to Boston the bus rarely makes a rest stop and I swear they drive 5 miles under the speed limit and take the longest route possible. This past weekend my 6pm bus left NYC at 6:30 and didn't get to Boston until 11 (without stopping and no major traffic). That being said I give the Bolt 3 stars because I did get from NYC to Boston in 1 piece.", 'stars': '1', 'usefull_likes': '3'}
{'review': 'I traveled with Bolt from New York to Boston and we had a good experience. Positive aspects: - very convenient pick-up location in NYC - very timely and well managed boarding - low prices- very good and safe drivers (ours had to fix a problem on the way and was quite fast and good in doing it)- more customer friendly than others (e.g. Megabus): we had a half-an hour delay because of a technical problem and we got a full refund (free ride!)!Negative aspects:- small, old and decrepit buses- quite dirty, few garbage bags available', 'stars': '3', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "I can hardly even explain how much I hate BoltBus. \xa0Their buses are always late in picking up their passengers at the origin city and the New York stop is in a busy section of Midtown close to Penn Station. \xa0Your bus departs at 9:00, so you arrive at 8:45 with plenty of time to wait patiently in line. \xa0At 8:55, you start looking for the bus to arrive. \xa09:05- no bus. \xa0Did you miss it? \xa0There are tons of other buses and trucks in the area, but there's no way you missed it, right? \xa09:15- still no bus. \xa0You're now pacing up and down the sidewalk, asking people if they are waiting for the same bus. \xa0They are, and look similarly anxious. \xa09:25- a bus! \xa0Oh wait, it's the 9:30 bus when the 9:00 still hasn't showed. \xa0As everyone crowds around the 9:30 trying to get an update, the 9:00 bus slinks in, nearly out of sight, and the driver gets off and lights a cig. \xa0You see it (one of the few to do so) and board the bus as a Good Samaritan tells the 9:00 people waiting for the 9:30 bus where the 9:00 one is, because the driver can't be bothered to do so. \xa0This has happened to me three or four times.One time, BoltBus substituted a Greyhound (their parent company) Bus for a BoltBus for them without alerting any passengers. \xa0Some people figured it out, but I and a dozen other passengers did not. \xa0Thankfully, there was room on the next bus. \xa0When I wrote the company an email about this, they snidely replied that the original vehicle broke down and they thought it was better to use another bus than to cancel the route altogether. \xa0Thanks guys- I really want some attitude from you after coming within inches of missing Thanksgiving.Once on the bus, the trip is fine, but the boarding process is just too chaotic and stressful for me to recommend this company to anyone. \xa0Take Megabus instead: buses are punctual, the boarding process is orderly, and the customer service is much better.", 'stars': '3', 'usefull_likes': '1'}
{'review': "Brand new buses make for a much more comfortable ride.The big leather seats are nice and there is more leg room between the seats (hurrah!). Outlets are a necessity these days since everyone and their grandmother has a laptop or a smart phone with awful battery life.Buy your ticket online, print it out or give confirmation code and you're on. The drivers speak English and have not had any problems with the staff.Pick up and drop off locations are in midtown so they are more convenient than the Chinatown buses.I think Bolt it Greyhound's entry into the cheaper bus transportation market... I say Bolt beats Greyhound service hands down. Also, the people who ride Bolt are more educated, professional, and much more considerate than the people who ride Greyhound or Chinatown buses.", 'stars': '1', 'usefull_likes': '9'}
{'review': "This was my first time taking boltbus since my cousin got some seats to go to Philadelphia for a couple of days. The bus was supposed to depart at 8:15 but did not arrive until 15 minutes later. I usually don't mind waiting since it was early in the morning and there could be traffic but the bus was half a block away and when my cousin approached the driver to ask if he was going to Philadelphia, he never replied. The bus was literally just sitting there and the driver was on his phone before deciding to drive down to the philly stop. It was humid out as well so you can guess how we felt with the humidity. The driver also never told us where the bus was going, as they should so my cousin and I could've gotten on the wrong one but luckily, we didn't. Inside the bus, the power outlet in front of my seat worked but holy shit, it was so cold. I was freezing and the people around me had to put their jackets on. I understand it's the summer time but there's no need to blast the air conditioner inside the bus. The ride itself was pleasant and pretty comfortable, which is why I gave them 2 stars. All in all, I would probably give this company one more try.. If I'm up to it.", 'stars': '4', 'usefull_likes': '6'}
{'review': "I don't ride buses much, but my recent roundtrip BoltBus experience (NY-Philly) was quite enjoyable, smooth and fuss-free. The bus drivers are very efficient and helpful. They drive so well it'll lull you to sleep before you get to your destination. The Bolt buses look good on the outside AND the inside. There's enough leg room, the seats are spacious enough, and the best part is there's free fast wifi on the bus to keep you entertained on your laptop/iphone.There's also an outlet in front of every seat for you to plug in and charge your phone or computer. I didn't make use of this, but I think this feature is already quite a bonus. My effortless online ticket purchase was also a huge plus. I printed out the confirmation sheet to show to the bus driver, but I noticed other passengers could just show their confirmation page on their phone screen and it was acceptable. How convenient!I might sound like I'm being paid to say this stuff, but trust me, I'm just one very happy and satisfied passenger. If I ever need to ride a bus again, I'll make sure I get on a Bolt Bus :)", 'stars': '2', 'usefull_likes': '2'}
{'review': "No bus ride is amazing but if you have to travel by bus, Bolt Bus is a good way to go. Out of the few times I've taken the bus to Washington D.C. I took Bolt Bus back from D.C. The experience was better than most bus rides. Large leather seats with extra leg room. Working wifi and outlets saved my electronics from dying. Single floor bus makes for a smooth quiet ride. I personally like to curl up in my seat and use the back of the seat in front of me to rest my knees. I found this a bit hard with the extra leg room but for most people I've sure it's preferred. We had a 15 minute rest stop break 1/2 way through the trip. Nice I guess, but I'd rather have those 15 minutes on the road.Our driver made good time. I was dropped right by the train I needed to get home. Overall a good experience. If I couldn't get a good price on Megabus, I'd go with Bolt for sure.", 'stars': '5', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "This was my first time riding the Bolt from Philly to NYC. \xa0Online booking process is easy and affordable- around $20 for a roundtrip ticket. \xa0Boarding at Philly was very easy and the bus definitely wasn't full. \xa0There are electric adaptors at every seat and this bus even had seat belts. This was 7:15 on a Friday morning. \xa0We arrived on time.Coming home was complete chaos. \xa0Buses driving up and leaving, people switching lines and not knowing what line they were in. \xa0A definite herd-like atmosphere. \xa0The bus on the way back was less clean and full to capacity. \xa0One of the passengers who was particularly disheveled and smelly got up to throw some trash away at the front of the bus. \xa0Her pants fell down and we were all treated to a complete view of her bloomers. \xa0Traffic was terrible and it took way more than the allotted two hours to arrive in Philly. \xa0For affordability, this can't be beat. \xa0However, the train just seems more organized and less ghetto.", 'stars': '3', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "Dear Bolt Bus, Gee.. Thanks for existing. I know you're not perfect. Sometimes you're dirty and you smell bad. Other times you're late or you refuse to connect me to the internet. But you know what? You're a bus, and no bus is perfect. Please don't ever start acting like your incompetent, arrogant bastard of a cousin Megabus. I can't even believe you're part of the same family!!?? He doesn't deserve to even have the last name 'bus'. Anyhow. Keep up the good work little buddy. You've got a tough job man. I feel you. Don't ever change Boltbus, we love you just the way you are. Love, Gary", 'stars': '4', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "To the girl sitting two rows behind me: OH EM GEE. The words these letters stand for are all one syllable. So when you say this acroynym out loud, you are not saving yourself any time. More importantly, you sound like a complete idiot. And when you say it so excitedly, without a hint of irony, about TORI SPELLING it exponentially increases your idiocy. I'm glad you're so pumped that whatever vapid friend on the other end of your cell phone met Donna Martin at some party in the Hamptons. I'm sure it really WAS off the chain. But all the people seated around you, you know, the people reading, gleefully using the on-board WiFi (thanks Bolt!), sleeping and/or turning around to give you dirty looks...yeah, hi. We don't care. We are silently hating you, and hoping that the guy you met last week at Sutton Place who [just told you he] works for Goldman Sachs [so he could do degrading things to you later that night] doesn't call you again. Now, maybe the combined hopes and prayers of the 15 or so people seated around you won't really affect your chances with him. But it certainly can't help. So you see, it is in your best interest to hang up the phone, and call her when you are no longer surrounded by people who are essentially your captive, miserable audience. \xa0To the proprietors of Bolt Bus: Please take a page from the Hampton Jitney handbook, and respectfully ask your patrons to limit their cellphone conversations to 3 minutes. This will still allow your customers to coordinate with whomever is picking them up at the bus station. \xa0In addition, it will also reduce the likelihood of violent crimes being perpetrated on your buses by 23.7%. \xa0I've done the research. To you, the general public: Overall, Bolt Bus was a good experience. Both rides were within 15 minutes of their advertised lengths (although the ride out left 15 minutes late, because they inexplicably didn't begin boarding until the time of departure, even though the bus was sitting right there). WiFi does indeed make the time fly by.* \xa0I can't speak on the bathrooms, because (as you'd know if you read my Libation review) I now rock Depends. And for the record: Noise-canceling (or, as I like to call them, dumb-b****-drowning-out) headphones are golden. \xa0Too bad I left mine in NYC. Don't make the same mistake._________*Yes, that sentence rhymed. Perhaps I thought about writing a poem for this review. Yes, we are all glad that I did not.", 'stars': '4', 'usefull_likes': '5'}
{'review': "Boltbus is as good as it gets! I take the bus every other week to Philadelphia and it's probably the best way to get there. I refuse to take Megabus...Pros:-Easy online purchasing system-Reliable-On time-Buy 8 trips and get one free!Cons:-Sells out quickly-Can get packed at timesDefinitely recommend Boltbus!!!", 'stars': '4', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "Been a megabus rider for several years from/to Philadelphia then I found out about the Bolt Bus rewards program. Well, I will NOT go back to Megabus (aka Clusterf**k). I like their letter boarding system, more leg room, not having double decker(which was actually the reason why I chose Megabus in the first place) and less crowded. It's not perfect and Wifi is spotty at best but it's better than the other options around.", 'stars': '5', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "Cheap, reliable, and prompt with quality service. The free wireless (which is fairly fast and consistent, considering the fact that we're in a moving vehicle) and electrical outlets definitely make the ride go by quicker.I took Bolt Bus to Boston this Memorial Day weekend. The drive there was long and drawn out at close to 5 hours-- and we didn't even get any rest stops. It wasn't because of traffic but because of our slow driver. I sat towards the front and couldn't help noticing all the small cars passing in front of us. On the bright side, better safe than sorry, right...?The ride back was perfect. We arrived back at 34th Street and 8th Avenue exactly on time AND we got a 15-minute rest stop midway. In a nutshell, I hope Bolt Bus expands and increases its routes. I'm ready for more weekend trips!", 'stars': '4', 'usefull_likes': '3'}
{'review': '-1 star: For ALWAYS being late. I\'ve taken this bus SOOO many times between Boston and NYC and it is alwayssss late leaving NYC (leaving from Boston is usually fine). I plan on it being a half hour late at minimum. Also random, they make you put your own luggage on the bottom of the bus, I really dislike that, other buses do it for you. -1 star: For the extreme lack of organization before boarding in NYC. You can get there 5 hours in advance and wind up being the LAST person to board the bus. Sure you have the A, B, and C tickets but that doesn\'t really solve anything. Can you imagine up to 55 people swarming an oncoming bus, pushing people out of the way, fighting until to death to get on the bus first? It\'s really not fun. I don\'t understand why it can\'t be organized like in Boston... you have the A line, the B line, and the C line.....people line up in the order they came in..... what a CRAZZYYY idea?!!!11-.5 star: The wi-fi. It never works. During my last ride (more to come on that), it didn\'t work AT ALL. On most trips the connection comes and goes, but it\'s super frustrating if you\'re in the middle of something. -.5 star: My last trip [considering this was just one trip of many, I only took away 1/2 of a star]. I\'ll try to make it short, don\'t continue reading unless you want to hear the story about my last experience with Bolt Bus.First, the ENTIRE bus smelled as if you were literally INSIDE the bathroom, for the ENTIRE trip. I wanted to vomit the entire time. Two hours into the ride, we get pulled over by some Connecticut state police. We got pulled over at 11:25am, and we were back on the road at 11:35am.Then 60 seconds later we start exiting the highway (395S). Hm strange. We then notice the bus drive is following the cop. Oh great. Where do we have to go now? I guess this is going to take longer than expected, he probably wants us off the highway to be safe or something....boy was I mistaken.We continue following the cop, and before we know it we are heading back on the highway, but going in the OPPOSITE DIRECTION. Oh this is fun, are we going back to Boston? Is our driver a terrorist? Are we all going to be driven to some warehouse so they can use our bodies as food for the massive amounts of cows they have in that state (the economy is pretty bad these days, maybe they can\'t afford the feed)? All this time and the driver has yet to inform us of wtf is going on.Finally, we hear the drivers voice. "Uh, I don\'t know what he\'s doin\' He\'s playing with me." Oh really Mr. Bus Driver, THAT is what you are going to tell us after all this time? REALLY? What does that even mean??SO we keep driving on 395N (opposite direction of where we are supposed to go). I thought this would be a good time to call my mother and father, just in case it would be the last time I would ever speak to them, to tell them what was going on. My mother being who she is, freaks out and tells me to call 911. Uh no mom, I\'m not calling 911 just yet. She gets off the phone with me and calls Bolt Bus. Now we get off some random exit... and we follow and follow and follow the cop which seemed like forever. People now all around me are on the phone with Bolt Bus, because the driver has yet to inform us WTF IS GOING ON. Mom calls back to inform me that they know he had been pulled over and now they are taking us to an inspection site. Oh that\'s awesome mom....except we are not at an inspection site, the cop just made us pull into a Walmart parking lot.The driver gets off the bus, goes to talk to the cop.Another cop pulls up, marches out of his cruiser and onto the bus and yells at us. "STOP calling 911, this is ROUTINE, you are not in trouble." I guess other people were scared for their lives, rightfully so, the driver didn\'t inform us of ANYTHING. Someone says "this ISN"T routine." "YES, it IS routine." Marches off the bus angrily. Driver comes back on the bus and tells us "Idk what he\'s doing, he can\'t find anything so he\'s making us do this, something about the log book, he\'s making us get another driver."GREAT (I am running out of characters ahhh). I march into Walmart, get their address to see if my dad could pick me up or something in case this was going to take 7 hours. Get some McDonalds. Another driver comes, old driver is now a passenger with us on the bus. We leave, now TWO HOURS BEHIND SCHEDULE (arrived in NYC at 3:30pm).Overall, the driver shouldn\'t have been driving the bus (logged too many hours), AND it was completely unacceptable for him to not inform us of wtf was happening. Bolt Bus did refund the ticket, but still, I\'m not sure if I\'ll be coming back. Might seem like an overreaction to some but clearly I was not alone if so many people on the bus dialed 911. It was scary, if you don\'t understand it probably is one of those, "you had to be there" type things.', 'stars': '5', 'usefull_likes': '2'}
{'review': "If I could, I'd split up this review into two...I've taken this bus from NYC to Boston quite a few times. \xa0The service is definitely better than some of the other buses available. \xa0I just hop online, and schedule a seat for about $40 round-trip which is slightly more than other places like Peter Pan or Lucky Star, but I think the extra $10 is worth it.The buses seem newer, with outlets to charge phones, etc in each seat and the drivers seem to take pride in keeping them clean. \xa0The trip itself is usually about 4 hrs, but leaving from NYC on a Friday evening will run you closer to 4.5 hrs, but that's no one's fault... it's traffic. \xa0I don't quite care for the 15 minute stop they make an hour outside of Boston, but I imagine it's nice for others. \xa0The only thing I'll really gripe about, is that at Boston South Station, the line to get on the Bolt Bus is organized by ticket confirmations and stand-bys... whereas in NYC, there's really no designation which might be because it's on a sidewalk on 34th and 8th avenue so they can't really do that, but people are swarming around trying to get on the bus first or be the first on the stand-by list making it disorganized and sometimes causes confrontations amongst people edging each other.The other thing is that if you do need to change your bus ticket or what not it's a $3 change fee...which I more than gladly pay rather than fighting off people in the stand-by line if you don't have a ticket for that specific bus departure time. If you're looking for the Boston/NYC route, this is definitely the bus line I'd take. \xa0Seems safest and for me has been the most comfortable.", 'stars': '2', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "This is the Virgin America of busses! Cheap (varied pricing for peak/offpeak hrs)! Wifi (slow)! Low chance of a pit stop, but there's a toilet in the back...", 'stars': '4', 'usefull_likes': '1'}
{'review': "The ride down to NYC from Boston was very nice. We had an excellent, competent driver who made good timing; the seats were very comfortable and had outlets for each; the bathroom was clean and actually smelt nice; and because of the expectations set by the driver, the ride was quiet.That said, waiting in line for the bus back to Boston was a mess. When we showed up, there was a group of people huddled around the supposed bus stop for our bus - without any rhyme or reason. Next the bus for Philly pulls up into the spot and the Bolt Bus employee begins yelling at people to get on. Once all the people registered for that bus gets on, he starts requesting stand-bys. One girl mentions she has been there since two hours earlier and the guy refuses to let her on; calling her lazy for missing her bus. In the middle of this commotion, a bus pulls up behind the Philly bus and without announcement, begins letting people on. By the time we realized what happen, the bus is more than half full and we have to fight with the driver to let us on. Upon entry, the bus is old, smelly, dirty, and without outlets. The seats are like rocks (I can feel the strain in my back as I write this). And lastly, the bathroom doesn't even lock and has a gaping hole in the door.For a $100 round trip for two people, very disappointing.", 'stars': '5', 'usefull_likes': '2'}
{'review': 'Competitive prices and the only bus company to have a late bus from DC to NYC during this blizzard. The staff is good, they keep everyone informed, the line orderly and quick.Thumbs up for free WiFi.', 'stars': '4', 'usefull_likes': '5'}
{'review': "I've used Megabus many times. Although I've heard many horror stories about Megabus, I've never really had a bad experience. Nevertheless, I heard that Bolt Bus is so much better than Megabus so I finally succumbed to peer pressure and decided to try Bolt Bus. Today, I headed to Philly. The bus was scheduled to leave at 7:30 AM. The driver was extremely anal about the letter boarding system (which is stupid IMO). In addition, he walked up and down the aisle like a Nazi dictator to make sure that no one had bags on the seats. I can deal with a surly bus driver. Albeit, that was the least of my problems. I brought a DVD player but the outlets were not working. Apparently, Bolt Bus uses the older and crappier buses on the NY-Philly run. Why advertise a bus having outlets if it's not working? Although the NJ Turnpike was sluggish and the driver drove like an old lady, we still got to Philly on time. The trip back to NYC was flawless. This time, the outlets were working. The bus left a little late, but we actually got to NY 7 minutes ahead of schedule. I give the trip to Philly 3/5 and the return trip 5/5.As for Bolt vs. Megabus, Megabus is cheaper. Megabus uses double decker buses, meaning that you basically have two seats to yourself. On Bolt, you usually have to sit next to someone. However, the actual seats on Bolt Bus are more comfortable than the firm seats on Megabus. Overall, the two companies are roughly even. On my next Northeast Corridor trip, I will flip a coin to decide whether to take Megabus or Bolt Bus.", 'stars': '4', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "A few days ago, I travelled via Bolt Bus from Boston to NYC with no problems whatsoever. Returning, however, was a different story.... I had a ticket for the 6:30pm bus from NYC to Boston which boards along the sidewalk of 34th and 8th street in Midtown. Passengers are advised to arrived 15 minutes prior to departure, however I got there 30 minutes early to play it safe. A crowd of people on the sidewalk were arguing angrily with a Bolt employee about the 5:30pm bus. Apparently they had decided at the last minute to combine the 5:30pm and 6:30pm buses, so they loaded the bus with all of the 5:30pm passengers, filled the remaining seats with as many passengers as possible from the 6:30pm bus, and sent it on its way at 6pm. There was not enough room for all 6:30pm passengers on that bus, so at least twenty passengers (including me) were left behind. After much arguing with the Bolt employee who could only say the 5:30pm and 6:30pm buses had been combined, and he didn't know more than that, he took our names and promised us we would be first to board the next bus to Boston, whenever that might be... No further details were forthcoming. So we all sat on the sidewalk in the heat, breathing in the exhaust from passing traffic and other Bolt buses, afraid to leave for even a minute in case we missed anything. Finally at 8:00, another bus pulled up and we were allowed to board.Upon getting on that bus, we found out it had left from Philadelphia, stopped in Newark, and was supposed to be nonstop to Boston, until it was diverted into Manhattan to pick us up. So those people were extremely angry, particularly the Philadelphia passengers, whose travel time had just been extended about two hours to pick us up. Some of them had trains to catch in Boston which the driver could not guarantee they'd make... It should be noted that the driver was extremely friendly and sympathetic and did the best she could to get everyone to Boston in good time.The bottom line: the decision to combine buses in spite of the passenger overage showed a total disregard by Bolt for their passengers/clients. Apparently a ticket purchased for a specific time means little if anything to Bolt, which is not concerned with honoring their own time frames. Further, their disorganization and lack of communication about what had happened and how and when the remaining passengers could expect to be transported to Boston was alarming. They offered no apologies, no compensation, and didn't seem to care that they had inconvenienced passengers across the board (from Philly, Newark, and NYC). I would not recommend their service to anyone, unless you don't mind this kind of treatment.", 'stars': '1', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "Use at your own risk!I bought a ticket to return to NY from Boston on the Super Bowl day. I got to the bus station 30 min before the departure time (5:30) to find out that they were seating people from the 4:30 bus. When I asked what was going on, they told me that there was a delay, but that I could probably get the 6:30 bus!! that was it, no call, no email warning!! I called customer service, and they confirmed that due to traffic they were running late. When I pointed out there were 3 busses just parked outside, they told me that because of Super Bowl they didn't have enough drivers!!! I then asked if they were telling me that the drivers were watching Super Bowl, and they just \xa0hung up the phone!!Fortunately, Greyhound accepted to take us back! their drivers must take a different road or maybe they just don't watch the Super Bowl...", 'stars': '1', 'usefull_likes': '2'}
{'review': "As far as cheap bus lines go, I have to say BoltBus is the best, with only MegaBus coming a close second. \xa0Reasons:1) You don't need to print your ticket, email or text confirmation is good.2) Seat is reserved.3) Buses are clean.4) Generally always on time.5) Important random note, the other people that use boltbus are not sketchy.Only thing that annoys me is that it sells out a lot of its buses really early. \xa0I can't really blame it for its success though. \xa0I just recommend anyone planning on doing any kind of NY-Philly-DC with Boltbus reserve their tickets at least 2 days in advance. \xa0Unlike other buses that are usually open the day of, the choice times on boltbus go quickly.PS - Snazzy website, a bit slow at times though.", 'stars': '5', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "Took the NYC to Boston on 09/13/13. The bus was roomy, air conditioned, with outlets and wifi. The bus back on on 09/15/13 was not as new without the wifi and outlets but still a comfortable ride. This whole concept of providing wifi on transportation is still pretty new so who cares? If you're complaining about this, you really need a reality check. A company is not going to toss their old vehicles while they're still perfectly functional for the few who can't manage a couple of hours without wifi and an outlet. \xa0I'm looking for safe, reliable transportation, not all the conveniences of home. And BoltBus provides this the best I know of. Bathrooms are clean, drivers are professional and competent, and the drive time as estimated. My only caveat with them is that they have a boarding policy similar to airplanes wherein passengers load by A, B and C tickets instead of first come. Very anti-New York. Makes no sense and is often more confusing. Despite this, I will continue to use them and not bother taking a chance with any other bus line. Thank you BoltBus.", 'stars': '5', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': 'I have taken this route before and had a very positive experience. This most recent trip had such a brazenly aggressive driver that I felt compelled to both file a complaint with customer service and leave a review here. I took the 6:30pm bus from 33rd street and 11th ave in NYC to Union Station in Washington, DC on Wednesday, September 24, 2014. The bus driver was rude to passengers and an aggressive driver bordering on unsafe. On at least two occasions the driver tailgated a much smaller vehicle (one, a supershuttle van the other, a passenger sedan) who he clearly deemed to be driving to slowly. The bus driver would pull up directly on the other vehicles bumper, leaving about only a 4ft distance between the two vehicles and turn his high beams on. When neither vehicle changed lanes he changed lanes quickly around them. Additionally, this driver picked up a passenger in the middle of the street up the block from the Grand Street stop. He almost hit a passenger on her bike in the street in Chelsea, manhattan by swerving close to her and then loudly proclaiming that some non existent car swerved out towards him. Lastly, he loudly berated a male passenger for talking on his headset (which the man did twice for about 5 minutes each time) too close to the driver and at one point, pulled onto the shoulder of the road and asked a female passenger sitting behind him to move to the back of the bus because "she had been coughing all the way from New York and she was disturbing him".', 'stars': '3', 'usefull_likes': '2'}
{'review': "If I'm in the portion of the line that forms a barricade in front of the adult video store next to Sbarros, does that make me a cockblocker?Don't even think about tapping me on the shoulder on your way out.", 'stars': '5', 'usefull_likes': '1'}
{'review': "I like free Wifi. \xa0I like new and clean seats. \xa0I like drivers that are cool with the passengers and give people heads up to get on the bus because the other is delayed before you leave. \xa0And I really like ones that come up with shortcuts to avoid stupid traffic. \xa0I like power outlets in the back of the chair in front of you.However, until a company radically changes cheap bus travel, it won't be great. \xa0Just very good. \xa0But as far as cheap busses go, Bolt is a fine choice.", 'stars': '4', 'usefull_likes': '1'}
{'review': "I take this bus all the time between NY and DC. \xa0I prefer it to megabus, mainly because of the costs. \xa0The trip is typically 4 hrs and 15 min long depending on traffic. \xa0Sometimes the bus driver decides to make a rest stop, where you can use the restroom and buy foot court style food. \xa0But sometimes, they also decide not to stop. \xa0So be sure to bring snacks/food! \xa0(Don't worry, there is a restroom on the bus). \xa0The outlets and wifi seem unreliable, which is why I'm taking 1 star off. \xa0Sometimes it works, and other times it doesn't. \xa0If you're lucky, you may be able to snatch one of those $1 fares!", 'stars': '4', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "Love it! $30 roundtrip from 34th St to Boston??? AWESOME! Bus was brand-new and had FREE wi-fi people!!! Outlets behind every chair so you can plug in your laptop, watch hulu/netflix, and chill for whole ride. My bus was just a little late in arriving in front of Tick Tock Dinner, but less than 5 mins, so not a biggie. Got to Boston on time and leaves you at South Station, which is their version of Grand Central, where you can catch the Red or Silver Line or Commuter Rail. Because I scored with such cheap travel, I was able to surprise my hubby (then boyfriend) with Boston getaway weekend, Red Sox tickets and tour of Fenway for his birthday one year.... he proposed shortly after - I mean come on, I'm just the BEST!! But seriously, what are YOU waiting for??? An easy cheap getaway could jumpstart something \xa0for you too! If nothing else but a nice getaway :)Also goes to Philly, Baltimore and Washington DC - save on gas, tolls, and that car rental!!! Sign up for Bolt rewards and get your 7th trip FREE! OK gonna end this review here, because I'm starting to sound like an infomerical!", 'stars': '5', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "I have taken this bus 9 times in total, and have had horrible experiences with this bus service. Needless to say I will never be coming back. The buses are constantly full, which then begs the question of why we even need to buy tickets in the first place, because clearly they do not effectively reserve a spot on the bus.One time I was forced to wait for another bus after the bus I bought a ticket for had filled up. Then the next bus, which was an hour later, never came, and everyone on the previous bus who had been forced off just as I was began making phone calls to bolt bus demanding answers. It turns out that they were combining buses because demand was not sufficient, causing some people to wait extra long hours only to be squeezed into a later bus. \xa0It goes without saying that this is clearly not okay and not what we paid for. In the end, I waited around three hours before I got on a bus. Another time I arrived perfectly on time with a couple of minutes to spare, but was told yet again that the bus was full. Then, a woman leaves the bus, opening up a seat for me, but right as I am about the board the bus, the driver closes the bus doors right on my face. I asked the standby employee why he didn't do anything and he said they had to stick to schedule, which is simply laughable considering my previous experience where schedule was maybe the last thing on their minds. So I had to wait another hour and half before the next bus came even though I arrived early for the previous bus just because the driver and standby employee were being inconsiderate idiots. What angers me most about this experience is the fact that the bus driver simply could have opened the doors to let me in, except I suppose she was playing dumb or pretending to be deaf to my shouts and pounds on the bus doors. Seriously, what a *insert expletive here*!!!!!In conclusion, bolt bus sucks and the service is horrendous. NEVER TAKE. EVER.", 'stars': '1', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "After waiting for an hour past my departure time, despite the fact that there were 3 different bolt buses waiting in Union Station, the driver finally led us to a Peter Pan bus that was parked a little ways off. \xa0As we boarded we were all a bit confused, but I am surprised we didn't start a riot when we realized that this bus not only had been resurrected from a 1970s junk yard, but also had some sort of brown liquid emanating from the bathroom and no AC. \xa0I thought that if they took the trouble to resurrect it, it should at least be running well, but that wasn't the case either--a mysterious noise caused us to stop on the side of the road at different points, but the driver couldn't figure out what it was. \xa0I think we were all relieved, and a bit surprised, when the bus finally came clanking into NYC... \xa0 I've been noticing that bolt bus has been more and more chaotic and that their promised services are less and less reliable, but this last experience has made me rethink my loyalty.", 'stars': '1', 'usefull_likes': '4'}
{'review': 'Ok. I have always had pretty awful experiences on buses up to Boston, and every time I swear "never again!" and promise myself to splurge on Amtrak or JetBlue. Then I realize that I need to save my pennies and sadly resign myself to taking a bus. I heard good things about Bolt Bus, BUT being scarred by Mega bus and disillusioned by Greyhound and Peter Pan, I was gearing myself up for disappointment again. But...it never came. I had a fast, clean, hassle-free ride. Ample room on the NYC-BOS bus, and a little less on the BOS-NYC bus, but I\'m pretty small so it doesn\'t really matter. There was wifi (I didn\'t bring my laptop but my bus mates did and I was able to be voyeuristic and watch several movies at once as a result) and outlets aplenty. The best part was that not only were they on time, we got back early from Boston. Score! Will I use Bolt Bus again? Hellz yeah!', 'stars': '4', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': 'Horrible, and an even worse call center.Bolt Bus started offering service between NYC and Long Island in December, and while this may be a good thing for the people using bolt to and from Melville, and Ronkonkoma, the Riverhead service is VERY limited, and we already have a great bus company serving Riverhead, the Hampton Jitney. \xa0As a present someone gave me vouchers to use for the Bolt Bus service, but when I tried to book on-line there was no option for these particular vouchers. The Bolt Bus call center is off-shore in Columbia South America, and they can barely be understood, let alone be helpful.The corporate office in Texas refused to offer any assistance. NEVER AGAIN.You get what you pay for has never been truer !', 'stars': '1', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "Oh Bolty,You are a really great idea with such variable execution you end up being just above average. Apparently I keep getting the same bus when I go back and forth to DC, because EVERY trip I take involves hide-and-seek WiFi. Sometime I think I hit a whammy Press-Your-Luck style (i'm an old--sorry) and that's why it disappeared.Every time I travel with you I arrive at my destination on time or early (!) which is outstanding. \xa0I *personally* have enjoyed the comfy seats, decent legroom, outlets, and non-crazy bus riders. There is always some customer drama to observe, however, which really makes me question the driver customer service training (or that dude/dudette who checks the tickets). I have seen full out screamfests from people who arrived 5-8 min before departure and were denied boarding; can't forget the man who jogged along side the bus from 33rd/7th till 9th (!!!) trying to get the driver's attention (she was NOT havin it!) I'm gonna keep an eye on you Bolty and hopefully you will keep up the good work and ixnay the bad.", 'stars': '4', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "My daughter asked the driver if the bus she was on was the correct one for Baltimore. \xa0He said no, and pointed to another bus. \xa0She got off and walked away.After he left and got on the other line, she was told that the bus that had left WAS the one for Baltimore, and that she had been sent to the Boston line.Does Bolt think it's fun to mislead people? \xa0Does Bolt think it will keep people's business?I hope not. \xa0They didn't keep ours. \xa0Never traveling with them again.", 'stars': '1', 'usefull_likes': '3'}
{'review': "While we traveled down 2nd Avenue in an attempt to return to 34th Street, I came up with this comparison:The FungWah is the taxi that gets you from downtown to uptown in 15 minutes when by all rights of Man and laws of God it should have taken you half an hour. \xa0You feared for your life as the driver skidded around corners, jumped lights, and cut people off, but you gave the man a fat ass tip because, well, that's what I'm talking about!The Boltbus is the taxi that took you forever to hail, follows every traffic rule, calmly drives the speed limit, and gets you to where you want to go, but later than you really wanted.Our trip to and from Boston was uneventful, comfortable and slow as hell, especially on our way out, because the bus was late and the driver took a totally odd route so we got to Boston an hour and a half late. \xa0But we arrived safely...and that's what matters?", 'stars': '3', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': 'The only reason I give BOLT bus 2 stars is due to their people on the ground. \xa0I booked a roundtrip on boltbus.com. \xa0When I received my email I noticed that my returning trip was booked for the same day as the departure! \xa0I called Booking to fix it. \xa0Assumed they fixed it and didn\'t notice until I went to look at the reservation when a friend asked for my arrival time. \xa0Called a second time the next day to have it fixed. \xa0Guy tells me no problem, says he fixed the error and sent me an email of the updated reservation to my email. \xa0AGAIN I ASSUMED IT WAS FIXED. \xa0Since this was the second time. \xa0A few hours later I had a hunch that I should look just in case...STILL NOT FIXED!!! \xa0I CALLED A THIRD TIME. \xa0I\'ve ridden Bolt several times on the Northeast coast to various cities and the crew on the ground has always been great with customer service. \xa0THE BOLT BUS CUSTOMER SERVICE OVER THE PHONE HOWEVER IS A TOTALLY DIFFERENT DEAL. \xa0The representatives in BOTH BOOKING AND CUSTOMER SERVICE ARE USELESS. \xa0I had to call 4 times to get a reservation fixed, 3 times to a BOOKING AGENT. \xa0ALL 3 TIMES THE BOOKING AGENT FAILED TO CHANGE MY RESERVATION CORRECTLY. \xa0I spoke to "IVAN" twice (who speaks so monotone and with no apparent passion he sounds like a robot with a latino accent). \xa0Ivan told me it was his job to help me with customer service...but actually never fixed my reservation at all the first time I called him. \xa0I had to call back and got him again 3 hours later when I noticed the reservation still wasn\'t changed. \xa0I was beyond frustrated by the 3rd call to him and asked to speak to his supervisor. \xa0He didn\'t want me to talk to a supervisor. \xa0Said "there are many." \xa0Finally I had to get loud and stern with him and he finally put on a "supervisor" (named Mynor)----who proceeded to only back up the latino robot and tell me, "there was nothing he could do" when I explained that it was my 3rd call to booking to fix my reservation and it has yet to be fixed. \xa0By the time I got to 3 calls---my desired scheduled bus wasn\'t available and I was stuck taking the last bus back. \xa0I didn\'t want that bus but was find with having that as my only option....then he tried to charge me THEIR BOOKING FEE (which I would not have minded if it didn\'t take them THREE CALLS to try to fix this). \xa0He said there was nothing he could do. \xa0I had to pay...WHY ARE YOU A SUPERVISOR THEN if you can\'t waive a fee for your agents who have not done their jobs servicing a customer???????!!!I then called back a 4th time to CUSTOMER SERVICE---BY THE WAY---CUSTOMER SERVICE AND BOOKING ARE TWO TOTALLY DIFFERENT USELESS DEPARTMENTS AND HAVE NOTHING TO DO WITH EACH OTHER. \xa0(The useless was my word). \xa0I spoke to BRITTANY in customer service, explained this was my 4th call into Bolt to fix my reservation---that has YET to still be changed. \xa0She put me on hold. \xa0Then SHE comes back on the phone AND TELLS ME THAT SHE SHOWS THAT NO REBOOKING HAS BEEN MADE. \xa0ARE YOU KIDDING ME?? \xa0I JUST TOLD YOU THAT. \xa0THAT WAS THE WHOLE REASON FOR MY CALL TO CUSTOMER SERVICE. \xa0Because, I have called 3 times to rebook my existing reservation and 3 times it has not been done and I was calling Customer Service a 4th time. \xa0So she tells me, like booking---I "need to pay the booking fee and the only available bus is...." I explained the reason I was calling was to contest paying a booking fee---when the booking agents haven\'t even made the correct changes in the last 4 calls and now because your booking agents don\'t know how to do a simple task---im not only paying for it monetarily---im also penalized with available bus times. \xa0Brittany in her southern accent, told me "her hands were tied and there was nothing she could do to help me" \xa0----WHAT IS THE POINT OF "CUSTOMER SERVICE" IF YOU also CAN\'T HELP ME WITH A SIMPLE TASK????When I asked her who her supervisor was, she got defensive and wouldn\'t give it to me. \xa0She started to raise her voice, and said if I wanted to speak to someone else, "I needed to hang up---but don\'t call back to customer service." \xa0I replied, "Are you kidding me?? \xa0You people are a piece of work!" \xa0She said, "EXCUSE ME, YOOOU PEOPLE?" \xa0and hung up. I WILL NEVER CALL INTO BOLT BUS AGAIN. \xa0DO YOURSELVES A FAVOR AND DONT DEAL WITH THEM EITHER---THEY ARE USELESS. \xa0The people on the ground are better and more competent....be nice to them and get to the bus early.', 'stars': '2', 'usefull_likes': '1'}
{'review': "Bolt is usually okay.Pros: Walk up ticketsTicket prices are usually sameSafe busesUsually quickNot much latenessFrequency programCons:Often smelly bathroomsCords don't stay in outletsSome disrespectful driversHard to find advertised $1 ticketsPersonal Horror Story:Once a bus from Baltimore smelled awful, and eventually someone locked the bathroom door and we couldn't use it for hours--until the driver decided to unlock it. THEN he kept speeding while TALKING ON A CELL and nearly crashed (I was watching) TWICE. He also took a super long reststop mid trip (since when are there rest stops on this route?) Then as we arrived late near NY, the tunnel was closed due to a shoot-out and we had go to the other, and the driver said that would add TWO more hours at least to the trip! Oh, PS, I was starving by then and the bathrooms were still locked. When we all complained and asked if we could be let off before the last stop at say, the nearby Port Authority, (or in MY case past W 100th--we're we'd just past), he denied us, as we hysterically waited for this 6 hour trip (which is supposed to be 3-3.5 hours TOPS) to end.This trip was 4/28/11 I believe. Hell of a way to start my 1st night here living. Didn't get home til after 1am I think bc I had to take the train BACK uptown since the asshole driver wouldn't let anyone off til midtown.", 'stars': '3', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "I've been taking Bolt Bus for about 2 years now, on and off, and am very fond of their service. I like that they have the A-ticket-ers go first system (I like it even better when they actually implement it). Also, the incentives membership with getting a free ride after 8 purchased rides is a pretty good deal.The leather seats kill me each time though! It's nice, and feel way cleaner than usual coach bus seats, but.. it is hard, and slippery, and your cheeks fall asleep real~~~ quick.Thumbs up :)", 'stars': '4', 'usefull_likes': '3'}
{'review': "One very meaningful star off for the fact that they won't cancel reservations and they will not refund your money. \xa0So they are criminals.They're still a lot better than other bus lines. \xa0But they're still criminals.", 'stars': '3', 'usefull_likes': '1'}
{'review': 'Bus is 20 minutes late. No staff to explain why or when or what is happening. Just lots of angry and anxious travellers.', 'stars': '4', 'usefull_likes': '4'}
{'review': 'I\'ve been a boltbus rider for over 5 years. I am a frequent rider and unfortunately will no longer take boltbus. \xa0The challenge with this company is that they do not have a sense of customer service and what that entails. In the past 5 years, I\'ve had to deal with customer service two times. Both times, I\'ve never been so offended by a customer service agent. This company clearly does not prioritize it\'s customers or their experience. First time I called and spoke with a live agent, she was very rude when \xa0I requested to change my ticket. Second time was also because I had to change my ticket. This time I was passed around and the last customer service agent was very impatient. She decided that there was no longer a need for her to continue the call with me because she\'s already explained what she needed to explain. When I asked for her name (as I thought it was quite rude that she\'d decide there was no longer anything to discuss), she hung up on me. Literally. \xa0I fully understand that boltbus has a policy as requires rebooking fees. My issue is not with this policy. My issue is with the company\'s customer service, or lack thereof.After my first call, I emailed customer service and explained my disappointment of my customer service experience. \xa0The response I received was a generic email with a copy/paste of the company policy on ticket changes. It was signed by a rep "on behalf of" a manager. It seems managers cannot respond to emails or speak with customers directly.The second call was even more appalling considering the agent literally hung up on me when I asked for her name.I\'d write customer service an email but it would be a waste of my time. I\'d rather spend that time providing the public with an honest review of boltbus if that can prevent others from having similar experiences.I\'ve used greyhound buses, megabus, and boltbus. Megabus customer service is far better than boltbus. Prices are cheaper and their buses are better- their wifi works!I enjoy greyhound buses as well. I\'d advise you all to try one of those (although greyhound owns boltbus)Happy and safe travels!', 'stars': '1', 'usefull_likes': '6'}
{'review': 'I take the BoltBus to Philly every time and I feel my experience is consistently the same. In short:Pros-Bus usually on time-If you get a new bus (60% chance) there are clean seats, good AC, free wi-fi-Cheap..$13 one way-Lots of departure timesCons-99% of the time the drivers don\'t announce which destination they are driving to until a few minutes before they take off. You usually find everyone asking everyone "is this the bus to DC/Philly/Boston?" and running around frantically... Even when you have the chance to directly ask the employees generally are evasive hence the general overall confusion. This is my main issue with BoltBus.-If you get an old bus the AC might not work - this is probably not fair as this probably happens with every company but wow was my last trip to Philly miserable in 90 degree-ish weather (this past weekend)-I have never gotten bed bugs from this bus but wow, L.B.\'s review below has scared the CRAP out of me. I\'m not sure how I\'m going to work around this.. beware though!', 'stars': '1', 'usefull_likes': '5'}
{'review': "I'm on the Bolt Bus as of the writing of this review and am happy to report that the Bolt Bus is everything I expected it to be and then some. \xa0Bus seems pretty new. \xa0Seats are clean. \xa0Bus doesn't smell. \xa0There's wifi and there are electrical plugs so my old laptop doesn't petter out after 3 hours of use..All in all, actually, the Bolt Bus might be a better alternative to paying for wifi at Starbucks (where it's an insane $3+ dollar per hour I believe). \xa0My $15 ticket from Penn Station to Boston got me 4 hours of free wifi and power. \xa0Even Barnes and Noble with its free wifi can't do as well since they've hidden all electric outlets to deter people like me from lingering. \xa0I did buy my ticket about 3 weeks prior to traveling and so was part of the A-B crowd that got to board first. \xa0And I have to admit that I find the entire process much more dignified than the general madness associated with traveling via any of the buses in Chinatown or even Greyhound (elbowing your way onto a bus is so passe). \xa0I would even go so far as saying that this is probably the best deal in terms of traveling even when compared with flying. \xa0Since they pick up right by my work, it took no time to get to. \xa0No long security lines. \xa0Free wifi. \xa0No delays due to weather/air traffic control. \xa0No fear of having flight cancelled. \xa0All in all, while taking the bus is reminiscent of college, it's actually a great and cheap way to travel. \xa0If the Acela/Amtrak was cheaper (as expensive as flying), I'd take that option but for the money, comfort level and ease of travel, I'm not sure you can beat Bolt Bus.", 'stars': '3', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': 'I was extremely satisfied and would ride time and time again....Ok people, are you ready? \xa0This is a bus. \xa0This is public transportation... \xa0I love how people are all fired up because the bus was "packed". \xa0...well, yeah. \xa0That happens.I was fortunate enough to be on a bus that wasn\'t so packed. \xa0I took an exit row. \xa0Fantastic room! \xa0The seats are a little hard though. \xa0I didn\'t have an outlet in my seat... \xa0If you know you need one, scope out a good row with them.The wi-fi worked great for me, and I\'m on a Mac. \xa0I mean, Macs in general work better than PCs, so I don\'t know if that has anything to do with other people experiencing wi-fi inconsistencies...They do warn you on the website that the wi-fi can be spotty...Oh, and did I mention its FREE? \xa0A courtesy if you will??? \xa0I still don\'t get how people get so spoiled and expect so much.....I rode up to NYC on Amtrack for $65BoltBus was $11 coming home.I was comfortable and entertained. (except for the production assistant bragging really loudly on his phone to all of his friends about how he\'s working in the \'biz\'. \xa0whatever. \xa0go get me a coffee.)Thanks Bolt Bus!', 'stars': '4', 'usefull_likes': '6'}
{'review': 'I finally managed to ride a Bolt Bus between NYC and Boston. Not only did the driver take the "scenic route" \xa0by driving up the Westside highway through Manhattan traffic, but then he drove at a very relaxed/ slow pace to Boston, with breaks and we did not arrive on time.I will upgrade my review to 2 stars, but I am riding Lucky Star from now on. No doubt.', 'stars': '4', 'usefull_likes': '6'}
{'review': "After a miserable experience on the MegaBus, I was convinced Amtrak would be my only dependable travel option out of NYC. I researched on Yelp and gave BoltBus a try. I'll repeat the tip I found. Register when booking. It is free and it automatically puts you in Zone A for boarding and you get a free ride after 8 trips! I arrived in Philadelphia in exactly two hours. I recommended Bolt to my boyfriend and he has never had an issue getting into Phili on time, even during Hurricane Irene.My only advice is to book ahead for cheaper fares and to ensure availability. Also, avoid the bathroom. The bus I was on had a bathroom that was an utter disaster of filth. Thank god for hand sanitizer.", 'stars': '2', 'usefull_likes': '7'}
{'review': "Ugh, please ride this bus if you like to feel rushed, concerned about not getting on the bus even though you have a ticket, and enjoy waiting in makeshift lines on the street. \xa0Also, this is extra leg room? \xa0Free WiFi is great, but most other buses offer it now too. \xa0The two stars is for the occasional cheap ass ticket. \xa0 The cheap ass ticket, however, equalled a sore ass because, while leather, the seats were pretty worn and not at all cozy for a four hour bus ride.This song lyric sums up my experience:She was underwhelmedIf that's a wordI know it's not'Cause I looked it up", 'stars': '1', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "I've taken Bolt Bus tons of times, mostly between NYC and Baltimore. Great thing that sets them apart from Megabus - they actually go INTO Baltimore, and not the park-and-ride of a nearby town, making you have to call your cab driver to drive the rest of the way to come get you.... \xa0Anyway. For that alone, I prefer Bolt to Mega.I like Bolt because it does what it needs to do, and for pretty cheap. Trains are faster and usually more punctual, but expensive. Chinatown buses scare me.I like Bolt because if you have a ticket for that bus, you will get a seat (particularly if you have an account - they save A group tickets for you). It may be a bit of a mob trying to get onto that bus, but when you grow up riding the subway during rush hour, it's really not so bad. Stand close so you can hear announcements when the bus arrives, and ask other people on line what bus they're waiting for, because it's not uncommon to arrive for your scheduled time and still have people from the previous bus waiting, or going to a different place.Key advice: don't count on punctuality. \xa0If you're trying to make plans, give yourself at least an hour to account for likely lateness. \xa0I don't remember the last time my bus got in on time (but I do remember not always having this problem, so I don't know why it changed). \xa0My recent trip arrived 40 minutes late into Baltimore, and on the way back to NY we were only about 10 minutes late. For longer trips (to Baltimore, and I'd imagine DC as well) they make a 15 minute stop at a rest area usually in south Jersey or Delaware, which is not advertised on the ticket and I don't know if they factor it into the schedule. I'd prefer to stay on the road considering by that point we're usually running late, but hey, it's an opportunity to use a bathroom that's not a bus bathroom and get some food or water if you forgot to bring it.If you're freezing on the bus (or sweating, but I haven't had that problem), the drivers are usually happy to adjust the temperature.I wouldn't count on wi-fi all the time, or even the outlets. \xa0Most of the time, yes, but there are still problems.That said, there is leg-room galore, (which admittedly I don't like, because I like to put my knees up on the seat in front of me, but hey, I understand I'm in the minority there) and most of the time the fellow riders are courteous, and the drivers as well. I have friendly ones more often than not.Maybe I'm very forgiving, but I still really like Bolt, and recommend them to others. I'd give probably 3.5-3.75 if I could, but I can't, so I rounded up.", 'stars': '4', 'usefull_likes': '1'}
{'review': "Three and a half years ago when I was visiting New York, not living in NY I decided to fly from NY to DC. What a mistake!!! Now I'm thinking, man I was an idiot! \xa0It took longer to get to the airport, check-in, fly, and then get from the airport to downtown than take the bus. This is definitely the way to travel. You can do work and get to where you have to go, plus its reliable unlike the sketchy Chinatown bus.", 'stars': '2', 'usefull_likes': '1'}
{'review': "Can't argue with the price but I picked bolt over the other cheap options NY Boston because of outlets and wifiGuess what, outlets don't work , and not just mine, and wifi is downBetter get off before the phOne dies :(", 'stars': '4', 'usefull_likes': '2'}
{'review': 'Nice, clean and comfortable buses. Drivers are usually very helpful, reasonable, and drive at reasonable speeds (unlike the Chinatown buses).I also really appreciate the "be respectful to your neighbor" policy where people talking loudly on their cellphones or listening to their ipods with \xa0loud-"I want everyone to know I have shitty taste in music"- headphones are asked to keep it down.However, their customer service and their "no cancellation" (even if it\'s and re-booking policies are unreasonable.I needed to change a round trip ticket from NY-DC-NY for a future date, which unfortunately was "too far into the future" for them (6 weeks) so they made me pay a fee tochange my ticket for a travel date I don\'t need ,and I will then have to change it again and pay the fee again. This is simply... stupid. \xa0I spoke to customer service and they said there was nothing they could do to not make me pay the fee twice. The customer service person was also very rude and not willing to help.GOOD BUSES, GOOD DRIVERS. BAD/POOR CUSTOMER SERVICE', 'stars': '4', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': '(New York to Boston Trip on Thanksgiving) Everything was fine until the bus made a stop for a "10 min break" and we are still here one hour and fifteen minutes later b/c the new driver that is supposed to drive the bus from this stop to Boston is still NOT here for some reason... The current driver that took us from NY to this stop cannot get a hold of him, and the customer service does not have any more information besides saying it should be 20-30 minutes (about 40 minutes ago...). Also, there are two more Bolt buses standing next to us waiting for drivers as well (one left 1 hour before our bus...). Very irresponsible scheduling and uninformed customer service reps, especially on such a day as Thanksgiving...', 'stars': '3', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "Dear bolt bus I love that you are on time. I love that you are clean I love that you don't have a bunch of idiots as employers..thanks for not being megabus.", 'stars': '3', 'usefull_likes': '7'}
{'review': "Poor luggage security!! \xa0My suitcase was stolen! \xa0They don't put a ticket on your suitcase & then give you a matching stub, so when you arrive at your destination, all luggage is put on the sidewalk (as when I arrived in New York. For some reason the bus stops on the side of a busy street, not into a more secure building), and available for anyone's taking. \xa0That's what happened to me. \xa0The one bus driver (who was excellent, by the way), unlocked the storage area and then went to the other side of the bus to unlock that storage area. \xa0Nothing was being watched, no security measures were taken by BoltBus company. \xa0Evidently, someone walked up off the street, saw my small suitcase (which had all my jewelry, power cords, boots, etc), and just walked away with it. \xa0If you don't have any suitcases to store under the bus, then this is a great company to book with. \xa0The driver was very nice, the ride from Washington DC to NY was very smooth and all the amenities within the bus are great. \xa0The only way to contact BoltBus to get some help with my situation was via email and I've sent them more than one, and they are not replying at all to help me with this situation or to even apologize or to make some type of a statement.", 'stars': '2', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "Have had a few decent experiences. This time....HORRIBLE!!!!! \xa0I'm counting 12 open seats as I leave New York and the bus driver just denied my friend a seat for the bus he paid for because he wasn't 15 minutes early. \xa0When we approached the bus driver for a 3 minute discussion (3 min he could have let my friend on the bus) he was rude as hell. I would really love some clarification from Boltbus about this awful experience. I could understand if his seat was going to be given to the huge line waiting but there is no one waiting! \xa0Thanks bus driver on a power trip.", 'stars': '4', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': 'After a dozen+ trips on "The Bolt", I can happily say the service has stayed the same.I\'ve taken numerous trips throughout the East Coast-my next one is to Baltimore (traveling via BoltBus of course!)and really, the bus hasn\'t changed. It\'s gotten a little more crowded as word of "Bolting for a buck" and their overall inexpensive tickets have been lauded, as well as a generous amount of legroom and yes, the wifi. When it works.As I mentioned in the other review, very few times have I ever had a working connection on a return trip to NYC, but to ____ I always have wifi.The DC bus has a rest stop (usually) for about 15 minutes, at some fast food rest stop place along the way. I suggest \xa0getting out just to stretch your legs, even if you\'re not hungry.Hey! Don\'t eye the Popeyes! You\'re better than that-you read Yelp reviews.Tip: check the route BEFORE waiting for the bus-I was foolish enough to assume the bus was going to be at the stop it was on prior trips, and I was stranded briefly in Philadelphia. At night. It\'s really not that scary, but harrowing none the less. Check the stops to ensure this never happens to you.And yet still a 5 star review? Yes. MY unfortunate trip (read: one trip. Never again, Megabus) with Megabus left me scarred and craving a roomier bus service on a single level ride . Anyhow.Still satisfied with the service, over a calendar year later. Happy travels!', 'stars': '1', 'usefull_likes': '1'}
{'review': "My husband and I have been using Bolt Bus for four years now to travel between NYC and Baltimore. \xa0It's been fairly good. \xa0We have enjoyed some pretty low fares over the years, ranging from $13 - $30 one-way. \xa0The fare depends on how far in advance that you book. Through Bolt's Rewards Program we've earned some free rides. Once I scored a $1.00 ride, but I declined it, as I wanted an earlier bus. Most of our drivers have been extremely polite, courteous, and even quite witty. About 25 percent of the time the bus has been late. The seats have ranged from fairly comfortable to extremely uncomfortable. Sometimes we've had seats that were tipped so much that we felt we would slide to the floor. \xa0Sometimes there are seat belts, sometimes not. On many trips we could not find seats with electrical outlets. The drivers have made rest stops about half of the time; don't know if this depends on keeping to the schedule or if it depends on the driver's discretion. All of the operators that we've had (over at least 20 trips) have driven safely. Over the past few years the bus stops in both Baltimore and New York have moved. In Baltimore the stop is now located on Maryland Avenue, just a short walk to Marc Penn Station (slightly less convenient than Bolt's former stop on St. Paul Street, which was just alongside the Station). In New York, the bus stop is now WAY WEST, on 33rd Street between 11th and 12th Avenues. This is a real pain, as the nearest subway is on 8th Avenue. \xa0I would hate to walk to this stop in freezing weather. But a new subway station is under construction, and there will be a convenient stop near 11th Avenue when the extension to the No. 7 Train is completed. In all fairness, the former stop, just across from Madison Square Garden, was located on a very congested side street. The new stop provides a much larger space, and things are more organized, with signs to designate waiting areas for buses to DC, Baltimore, Philadelphia, and other destinations. \xa0We have not encountered any customer service problems. In fact, once my husband made a mistake, booking a ticket from Baltimore to New York when he meant to book New York to Baltimore. The driver just let him board, cheerfully dismissing this as a minor human error. Sometimes we take Greyhound, but generally Bolt beats their prices. \xa0Accessibility is a trade-off. \xa0Easier to access Greyhound at Port Authority in New York, but you need a taxi from Baltimore's Greyhound Station. More difficult to access Bolt Bus in New York (the stop is practically in the Hudson River) but easier to get downtown when you reach Baltimore because you can get on the Circulator Purple Line (a free bus service) just down the hill from the Bolt Bus stop. \xa0No bus ride is as comfy or as speedy as the train. But I'd sooner ride Bolt than pay Amtrak's exorbitant prices to Baltimore ($52 - $65 one-way!) For their high prices, Amtrak is far from perfect. They have had delays, cancellations and even derailments. So I'm sticking with Bolt.", 'stars': '1', 'usefull_likes': '2'}
{'review': 'Took the NYC - Baltimore ride (and back) and was totes impressed! The bus to Bal had nice, leather seats but was not sure where the "extra leg room" was. Totally a normally cramped bus seat. The bus on the way home had cloth seats but much more leg room. A fair trade.The fellow bus riders were totally not sketchy, which was a plus. And no one\'s bowels exploded in the bathroom-- a definite plus! (especially since we got stuck riiiight next to it) I would recommend this company for anyone looking for a cheap bus ticket. From my experience, it leaves on time, generally, and make good time on the road. Tip to finding the NYC location: the buses line up on 33rd st, just before the light on 7th ave. Theres a guy in a BoltBus jacket telling you where to go, etc. Very helpful. Again, impressed.', 'stars': '4', 'usefull_likes': '6'}
{'review': "Being that my entire family and most of my friends live in Philadelphia, I would say that I am a professional Boltbus rider/connoisseur, if you know what I mean. \xa0A year ago I would've given them 5 stars...cheap tickets, clean buses, free WiFi and great staff. \xa0However, Boltbus recently raised their prices, \xa0barely offer WiFi, the staff in Philadelphia is rude and some of the buses are a little worn. \xa0Don't get me wrong, it is still my transportation of choice when I need a quick weekend with family, I just wish they wouldn't had raised their prices. \xa0What used to be a 0.50 cent processing fee is now $1.00 and a $3.00 exchange fee is now $4.00. \xa0In addition, an average round trip ticket to Philly is about $30-$35 when it used to be $20 max. \xa0Sometimes it is cheaper to buy a stand-by ticket the day of than to buy your ticket online. \xa0Yet the benefit of buying online eliminates the need to wait in line and for every 8 tickets or 4 round trips, you get a free ride. \xa0Occasionally boltbus will offer a $1.00 ticket but they are rare and usually during the middle of the week in the middle of the day.So there are some pluses and perks with BoltBus. \xa0Oh...and F.Y.I....they know all the short cuts, so if you happen to run into traffic, they will try everything to get you there on time.Hope this helps.", 'stars': '3', 'usefull_likes': '4'}
{'review': "I'd taken BoltBus to Boston and DC in the past, but now would consider other options. Its quality of service has gone downhill, and most recently it refused to give me a travel voucher when I decided to take Amtrak instead. It was its policy, but it's not a consumer friendly policy. Treat your customers badly, and they won't recommend you. I do not recommend BoltBus. You have get a $50 Amtrak fair to DC if you book early enough. Don't patronize a company that doesn't appreciate your business.", 'stars': '1', 'usefull_likes': '1'}
{'review': "Wow. \xa0This bus blows. \xa0First problem: no outlets on my trip from NY to Boston. \xa0Second problem: absolutely no more legroom than any other bus airplane or train I've been on. \xa0Third problem: THEY LET SOMEONE ON THE BUS WITH THE WRONG TICKET.This lady and her kid were headed to Philly on the bus to Boston. \xa0How did they resolve the situation? \xa0Well, they kept the rest of the passengers in the dark while we waited at a gas station in the middle of nowhere for an hour. \xa0They diverted a bus to Philly (also full of passengers in the dark) out to us north of NY to get her. \xa0Not a word from the driver on what's happening until we pieced it together ourselves.Fourth problem: the passengers. \xa0Weird sheep. \xa0I think it would probably be good on a trip that runs smoothly, but apparently everyone else on this bus was super cool waiting an hour on the side of the highway. \xa0One mom even told her kid to shut the eff up when he kept asking her to check with the driver to see what was wrong. \xa0Weird aggro sheep.And no outlets. And it's actually owned by Greyhound. The end.", 'stars': '1', 'usefull_likes': '6'}
{'review': "Wifi broken (always) and power strips broken (usually) when I take this bus. \xa0The AC was functional but insufficient; it kept the cab at 80 instead of 103, but that means I was sweating the whole ride down to DC. \xa0The bus was 100% full. \xa0The people and driver were very nice. \xa0Usually only 15 minutes late, but sometimes worse.This bus would be 4 stars if they could just keep the stupid power and wifi working. \xa0Seriously, it's not that hard, and it's false advertising if it's always broken. \xa0Unfortunately, MegaBus has the same problems.", 'stars': '2', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': 'My family lives in Boston and I live in NYC. I am constantly up and down visiting them and while I love the luxury of being able to get up and go for a wander on Amtrak, the increasingly expensive price tag just isn\'t worth it for me. For less than $20, I can get on a clean and new bus, with free Wi-Fi. All of the drivers have been nothing but courteous and not having to deal with Port Authority? Honey, I\'d pay double for that. Additionally, all my trips have also been right on time (that may be because I opt for the 7am bus to beat traffic, but still a flawless track record is a flawless track record)A few tricks of the trade: -Always try and get "A" seating so you can board first. This will ensure that you get a seat at the front of the bus and can make sure it\'s one with an outlet.-If you\'re waiting on 34th and 8th, they board just past the public bus stop (for Boston). Additionally, because you board by groups, there really isn\'t any point in getting in the self-made line. -They leave RIGHT on time. If you\'re a few minutes late, too bad, so sad.', 'stars': '5', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': 'I travelled with bolt bus this weekend from New York City to Boston. It was terrible. I think they don\'t know what is "on time" at all. The bus was supposed to leave at 9am but left at 10am and ran near one and a half hour late! I thought it was the most terrible trip I have ever had. And I was wrong. The returning trip told me what was worse. I stood in lane at south station for more than half hour, watching greyhound and Peter Pan left one by one. And I am still waiting right now writing down the review. I will never travel with them. And trust me, they are really bad!', 'stars': '1', 'usefull_likes': '2'}
{'review': "I just thought it would be trippy to write my review while NJ flashes past my window as the BoltBus I am on cruises down the freeway towards DC. \xa0Let's just say I am a veteran bus rider.... \xa0It started as a teenager, Greyhound from Belfast Maine to Boston (Greyhound also owns this BoltBus I am riding on now - their name is in the small print on the side of the bus). \xa0Those pesky Maine drivers license testers frown upon hitting the car in front of you (first attempt) and recklessly pulling out into traffic (second attempt) I really don't remember if I finally got it on my third or fourth attempt - but I digress... (aren't you glad I'm not your bus driver??)BoltBus 33rd St & 7th Ave sidewalk - kinda hectic boarding (I printed my receipt instead of my ticket - oops) but once on the bus, roomy with OUTLETS in the seats and FREE WI-FI. \xa0so what of my seatmate is an annoying whiny Lindsay Lohan wanna be, I have headphones and Pandora. \xa0(Netflix eats up bandwith and can be sllllloooowww).The seats are a bit hard, and could be more comfortable, I haven't checked out the bathroom yet (I really don't want to) and that jerk in the seat in front of me brought on stinky food, but hey, for $10.00 I'm not complaining!The staff and driver are fast, and no nonsense - no complaints here. \xa0I'll update from the bus back from DC should there need to be any . \xa0For now, I am going to play a game on Facebook while the miles roll on by...", 'stars': '4', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "I hate bus rides. It's true. My limited experience with them involved a 6 hour ride from Madrid to Alicante, Spain when we missed our high speed train due to luggage mishaps in London. It was tortuous. Hot, uncomfortable, lame. Enter BoltBus. Comfortable leather seats, WIFI (we'll come back to that), on time performance, working restroom, plenty of legroom, and a plug to power my dying electronics! Could this really be what bus travel is like now??Yep! For my first long-distance U.S. bus ride, a few of us rode on up to Boston to visit a law school studying friend. The ride was awesome. I was told by Shea D. that we would stop somewhere along the way to stretch and grab food. We didn't on the way up, but managed to get into Boston in record time. The return trip stopped at an Arby's along with a wealth of other bus companies. This led to horribly long lines inside, but at least we got to stretch! The WiFi that they offer is spotty at best. It really depends on how many people are actively using it. The journey up wasn't too bad (7am bus ride, so most were asleep), but coming back at 5:30pm on Sunday meant everyone was trying to hop on. This lead to massive wifi blackouts. They really should improve on this, as it's a fantastic selling point. Speaking of selling, the tickets are dirt cheap!! Our roundtrip tickets were a measly $30 to Boston and back! Considering trains and planes cost well over $100-$200 roundtrip, this is a steal.", 'stars': '4', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': 'Roundtrip from DC to NY a few weeks ago. \xa0We boarded the bus right on time both trips, even though it was raining and we had anticipated traffic delays. \xa0It was a very pleasant ride both ways. No complaints!', 'stars': '4', 'usefull_likes': '9'}
{'review': "Overall, I like BoltBus better than Megabus. \xa0I find their buses to be a bit roomier (I'm actually not a big fan of Megabus' double-deckers). \xa0And in my experiences, they're always on time. \xa0Well, scratch that-- I was left waiting 45 minutes one time for a Bolt bus. \xa0But put it this way: they have a MUCH better track record than Megabus. \xa0The buses are clean & have free wi-fi (so does Megabus... I never utilize this but a friend said he prefers Bolt in this regard since they have more electrical outlets... but it's still not one per seat. \xa0I've seen people run their computer cords across the aisle. \xa0Idiots.) \xa0UPDATE: Bolt Bus' new fleet of buses seem to have one power outlet per set of seats.I find BoltBus' prices to be a little more than Megabus, but in the grand scheme of things, it's still a cheap fare, and I've still been able to get dollar fares through Bolt (mainly during weekday afternoons). \xa0They also have a little reward program thingie where every 4 rides or so you get the next one free. \xa0The one thing I wish they'd improve is the boarding procedure. \xa0Bolt's tickets are designated by letters: you're either an A, \xa0B or a C. \xa0They load the A's first, then B's, etc., which is nice. \xa0Well, I don't know if this is BoltBus' fault of if it's just the riders, but every time I'm ready to board on Bolt, people just swarm the entrance, regardless of what letter they have. \xa0I've seen people pushing to get on. \xa0And they open the undercarriage the same time they start boarding. \xa0I've always been an A so I'm usually fighting my way through the crowd, trying to stick my luggage underneath the bus by the time the driver starts calling the B's, etc. \xa0What a mess. \xa0I think it's a combo of people being rude, selfish idiots & the BoltBus drivers not caring to police the crowd a bit. \xa0That said, after a sour boarding experience, it's usually a smooth ride. \xa0Never had any complaints.One time we all loaded on the (sold out) bus & were ready to take off when the bus wouldn't start! \xa0Well, to their credit, they called in another bus, unloaded us, got us reloaded on the new bus & hit the road all within 15-20 minutes. \xa0It was a minor nuisance, but I feel like had that happened with Megabus, we would have been stranded for hours! \xa0 I like you, BoltBus, and you're my first choice for discount bus lines, but I wish you'd be better about enforcing the boarding rules & keeping anxious douchebag riders at bay.", 'stars': '4', 'usefull_likes': '1'}
{'review': 'This here is good stuff. The buses are generally on time, clean and in good working order. You get dropped off only a block or two from Penn Station in NYC, so it\'s convenient, but most importantly it\'s cheap. $13 bucks or less from NYC to Philly is a steal. The buses have electrical outlets so you power computers and what not, and they usually have wifi, although it is pretty slow. Don\'t expect to stream a movie or anything on it. It\'s really just good for checking email and casual internet browsing.Few tips: Join their rewards program. It\'s free and gives you "A" boarding and a free trip after like 8 trips. Get there 15 minutes early, because they often do board and leave on time. Don\'t leave at rush hour times. If you\'re on the 5pm bus on a Friday, expect at least an hour delay, because that\'s how long it takes to get out of the city alone.Overall bolt bus is good. It\'s about as excited as you can get about a bus.', 'stars': '4', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': 'Great service that has been on time 90% of the time for me thus far. \xa0The bathrooms are always clean and the seats are comfortable and have a lot of legroom and reclining space. \xa0The outlets are mostly functional. \xa0The leather seats are a treat. \xa0Customer service is usually goodThe bad: outlets are awkwardly placed on some buses so cords hang in front of one of the passengers of a two seat space. Dispatcher can be rude when frantic passengers are trying to figure out where a delayed bus is.', 'stars': '4', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': 'Took my second trip on Bolt this morning from NYC to Philly. I would like to take away a star because the bus driver was a bit of an erratic speed demon and we almost got in an accident after the Jersey toll booth on the approach to the Ben Franklin bridge but, at the same time, we also got into Philly almost 25 minutes early, which meant our two hour trip really only took about an hour and a half, or the same amount of time that a Northeast Regional train takes to make the trip. Well done, Bolt, but I would have been more than happy with 23 minutes early if it meant avoiding a terrifying "AA" or almost accident.', 'stars': '4', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "I'm rating this specifically on bus travel, because you really can't compare it to train/plane in terms of comfort, travel time, or convenience.This is by far the most comfortable bus I've ridden on (including the limoliner) for the price. The Limoliner is nicer but you have to pay 8x the price to get on it (89x if you get the bolt for a buck).The seats are nice and there are plugs in the seats for laptops, so you won't have a problem keeping yourself entertained.The bus drivers are nice and they do the best they can to keep from throwing you around in the Manhattan traffic coming to and from the city.The best part about this bus is the fact that you don't have to go into the Port Authority which is easily my least favorite place in all of NY.", 'stars': '4', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': 'When I first discovered BoltBus, I felt like a Munchkin in the "Ding Dong the Witch is Dead" scene of Wizard of Oz, and gleefully sang and danced around at the thought of the Wicked Old Witch (you know, overpriced Amtrak), at last, being DEAD. You can\'t beat the price, and really, the trip doesn\'t take significantly longer than the regional train. Perhaps I was in a sort of honeymoon phase with the BoltBus for the first few trips, but they seemed to go faster and had less problems. My last several trips, however, have been frustrating and really, really slow going. On one of these last trips, the driver made a REALLY big deal about talking quietly on your cell phone. Appreciated, who doesn\'t want that? But when it gets to be just as annoying as someone actually talking loudly into a cell phone, what\'s the point?I had a driver who pulled the bus over on the side of the road and freaked out about a phone RINGING. She then preceded to go into this diatribe about how the ringing startles her and she may flip the bus over and be charged for manslaughter and who will raise her daughter should that happen? Who? WHO? FOR THE LOVE OF GOD I WILL CRASH THIS BUS AND LEAVE MY DAUGHTER AN ORPHAN!! DO YOU WANT THAT?? DO YOU?! Um . . . yeah. Not exactly what you want to hear from the driver when trapped on a bus. Needless to say, I continue to ride Bolt because it\'s cheap, it will eventually get you to where you\'re trying to go, and the seats are relatively comfortable. . . . as an aside - do we really need to make a stop during what should be about a 4 hour drive? Really? Really?? Do you need that Sbarro slice THAT badly? Come on.', 'stars': '5', 'usefull_likes': '1'}
{'review': 'I found that I traveled with them for over 10 times between NYC and Boston and each time it was a pleasure. The buses departed on time and usually arrived on time. Most of times the wifi worked fine which even allowed video chat. And most of times the AC power were fine, although one or two times the AC plugs were blocked for unknown reason.Well, a problem for travelling with Bolt is it is hard to get a ticket if booked late. So you always have to reserve it several days before travel.(Edit on 06/26/2017) I am still traveling with bolt between NYC and Boston after I wrote the above review almost 6 years ago. (Yes, my life sucks: after 6 years I still cannot afford the Amtrak). At Sunday night they are now as expensive as greyhound, (probably because Fung Wah disappeared). But anyway the service is still good (clean, on-time, free-wifi, power available, etc.).', 'stars': '4', 'usefull_likes': '3'}
{'review': "I typically use one of the two cheap bus services, but found BoltBus to be awesome right around the holidays. The lines for the other companies were INSANE. For some reason, BoltBus' line was empty and the bus was too! We scored tickets right there, for $15 each, and were on our way at least 2 hours ahead of when we were expected to leave on one of the other buses. I'll definitely keep an eye out for BoltBus in the future. Didn't try the wifi, but didn't really factor that into the star factor; I can't imagine needing to be connected for the 4 hours on a bus...maybe it's a fun status update for facebook? Either way, this bus is quality for ride and comfort.", 'stars': '4', 'usefull_likes': '2'}
{'review': "The bus picks up right next to the Sbarro on 33rd and tickets were only $20 each way to DC which was SO much cheaper than Amtrak for comparable seat/enviroment quality.The bus loads by letters a-c on your ticket so your place in line doesn't really matterThe bus was on time, clean and packed. Outlets all worked and there was free wi-fi \xa0- the bathroom in the back wasn't as bad as i expected and we took a 15 min rest stop 1/2 way through.I will definitly be looking at boltbus for trips from now on!One confusing thing:The Bus to DC you can pick two locations for drop off. All of the times for Union Station were booked so I almost took greyhound - which from review would have been a mistake. I went back and just ordered a trip ending at the other drop off in DC which was just a few blocks away. BUT, turns out, no matter which route you enter - the bus ONLY makes one stop in DC - so buy whichever route!Also - it drops you off in DC about 3 blocks from the subway, if you're not familiar with DC it's kind of a pain to find from the random drop off spotBEST THING:Drop off from DC to NYC lets off right next to Jacks 99 cent...as if I needed an excuse to wander in there...", 'stars': '4', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': 'My luggage was stolen! What a nightmare. Clearly no one cares about your luggage getting on the bus and someone must have side swiped while I was the last person to get off the bus. This was my first time riding Bolt! The wi fi did not work as well. Which was primarily a reason to ride this bus because of the power outlet and wi fi.Im waiting to hear back from Customer Service. I got there safe, but had no clothes and no equipment! Be safe!', 'stars': '4', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "Where have you been all my life! Props to Bolt Bus! Our love story below:Though Amtrak is of course my fav mode of transportation... comfy seats, no traffic, no fear that the bus driver is going to fall asleep, no risk of falling out of the sky, cafe (though over priced and generally unsatisfying, it is available), etc etc, the prices are REDUNK!!!! $80 EACH WAY! You have to be kidding me. Fortunately, someone put me on to the whole bus thing. After numerous horrifying experiences on Greyhound and various other Chinatown buses, including almost being run off the road, long lines due to overbooked seats, the bathroom that reeked so bad that everyone went and bought air fresheners when we finally stopped at a rest stop, the fights that broke out among passengers struggling to board, waiting three hours in the rain on a Sunday night because of a delayed bus, I finally discovered Boltbus. Clean, bright, and wifi (the bus version of tall dark and handsome), Bolt swept me off my feet and carried me swiftly and comfortably to DC without any fuss or fighting to get on the bus. The true beauty of Bolt lay in its seating and boarding system, where every ticket has a letter which signifies your boarding order (Group A tickets go first and so on) . So, even if you arrive 2 minutes before boarding, you know you can be one of the first to get on (as long as you have an A ticket) and choose those prized seats in the middle (away from the bathroom, but not within fly through windshield range). It's sleek design is like the rolls royce of mass transit buses which makes you feel special and makes you pity the sad people you see in the other buses as you zoom past them on the highway. Of course, Bolt has its flaws, but I can forgive them. Yes, it runs late occasionally. But, of all the bus companies that I have used for the NY-DC route, these have been more on time than ANY other company. It's a bus, so delays are to expected because Bolt cannot talk to the traffic fairy to clear a magical path on the highway just for it. It sells out FAST!!! So even two weeks before a big holiday weekend tickets are gone! Annoying but simply a testament to how loveable Bolt is.The bus drivers are friendly enough, and many are pretty quirky in their PA messages to passengers. But sometimes they are tired after driving for hours and have some 'tude. TRUST!! I would too, which is why I (and probably you too) actually ride versus drive. I gladly put out for Bolt. The extra $15 (versus typical Chinatown fares) is SOOO worth it. Sadly, it was sold out. So I have to go with the El Cheapo bus for Thanksgiving. But, I will be missing you.", 'stars': '5', 'usefull_likes': '7'}
{'review': "I took the Bolt Bus to Riverhead for several weeks, but they've canceled their service. Very frustrating.", 'stars': '2', 'usefull_likes': '6'}
{'review': 'Dear Bolt Bus,Even though you\'re owned by Greyhound, I want to love you. -Not because of your interwebz access and power outlets.-Not because you\'re the best in comparison to the alternatives, ie; Chinatown Bus (too far downtown), Amtrak (too expensive), Greyhound (too rundown), Vamoose (they observe the Sabbath) and flying (requires too much foresight).-Not even because I always end up sitting next to the jock who is willing to share his 5th of Jim Beam "to make the ride go smoother."It\'s the fact that you\'re *CHEAP*, clean, reliable, convenient and (as long as you\'re not trying to leave NYC during a torrential downpour on a Friday evening like I once did) always on time that soothes my OCD soul.However, I must ask - what is the point of assigning \'boarding groups\' when none of the dispatchers ever utilize them? Half of the appeal of riding you is due to the so-called \'civilized\' boarding procedure; everyone who reserves a seat gets one, and group A boards before group B boards before group C. But when you deviate from the plan, it\'s pure bedlam (via pushing and shoving for seats, luggage left everywhere).and it\'s unnecessary.Like I said, Bolt Bus - I really want to love you. But I shouldn\'t have to pull a Wayne Brady and choke a bitch just to board a bus. Please advise.Love,I will shank someone for a seat if I have to.', 'stars': '3', 'usefull_likes': '4'}
{'review': 'ConsOutlets - There are not outlets at every seat.. I mean why advertise you have outlets, if they are not at EVERY seat. \xa0How mad I would have been if I actually needed to charge my phone.Boarding process - very disorganized; no lines to differentiate the various bus schedules. There also was no way to determine which boarding group was A, B, or C. Everyone was just standing up against the wall until the driver finally said, "All Group A\'s". Of course, naturally, everyone rushed to the door of the bus like when we were in elementary school ("Hey, no pushing! He shoved me!"). (What\'s the purpose of having Group A, B, and C tix on their site if it\'s gonna be such a poor boarding process). \xa0One thing that Megabus does that Bolt Bus doesn\'t do is compare confirmation numbers that are presented to the master list they have of purchased tickets. BoltBus on the other hand just lets anyone on the bus who shows a ticket (which could actually be a photocopy of someone else\'s ticket).-Seats were uncomfortable. Poor lumbar support. -YOU put your luggage below the bus. This means anyone can take it after you board the bus w/no consequences. So you get to your destination for a low fare, but no clothes when you arrive. Megabus has employees to perform this function.Pro\'s-EXTREMELY courteous driver on my trip (I think his name was Calvin). He asked us at the beginning of the trip if the wifi was working ok. -Driver drove at a good speed and drove safely.-Generous legroom. More than Megabus.-Clean bathrooms, much more spacious than Megabus.As an aside, I saw on the side of the bus, it\'s operated by Greyhound. I thought that was interesting. I was wondering how Greyhound stayed in business with these competitors.', 'stars': '4', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "The bus is a little cramped, but otherwise decent enough for the price. My grievance with this bus company is their complete disrespect for their customers. The Bolt Bus website advertises free Wi-Fi service onboard, yet their buses frequently do not have Wi-Fi and you will be given no advanced notice or indication of this at the time of purchase. I took a 5 hour trip from NYC to DC on Bolt Bus and had planned to use the internet to do work. As it turned out, there was no Wi-Fi available, which cost me hours of productivity. Before we even departed, the driver let me know that there would be no Wi-Fi, reflexively, as though there never was Wi-Fi on the bus he was driving. Very aggravating. \xa0A ticket refund would have begun to make up for Bolt Bus's false advertising and my lost productivity time. However, Bolt Bus offers no recourse and is completely unapologetic about their lack of Wi-Fi. They don't want to hear from or deal with customers, which is made obvious by the 'Contact Us' link on their website that is not functional. They're also non-responsive to email. If you do manage to get a hold of a rep, you will be denied requests to speak with a Bolt Bus manager and potentially hung up on if you don't accept the highway robbery (pun intended) that has been your fate. I'm taking my money elsewhere next time I travel the north east.", 'stars': '1', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': 'well they have good prices, free wifi and all that neat stuffBUTbeware of making a mistake when booking - I did and it cost me $8 to change that mistake (wrong date).the bus ticket was $15 and you charge me $8 to change a detail? WTF..', 'stars': '2', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': 'Great value. I regularly take it from New York to Boston and back. My biggest complaint is the choice of drop off location in New York. The bus enters the city via the RFK and then has to slog all the way to 34th and 11th. It takes 60-90 minutes. If they did a quick, ten-minute drop off near 125th and 2nd, it would shave that 60-90 minutes off the trip. The wireless is iffy, comfort leaves something to be desired, but what do you expect getting from New York to Boston for under $20?', 'stars': '3', 'usefull_likes': '9'}
{'review': 'NY-Boston. The trip took us more than 5 hours, instead of the 4:15 hours stated. Most of the time was wasted because the driver did not use a GPS. He got lost on the way.', 'stars': '1', 'usefull_likes': '1'}
{'review': '$40 round trip to DC. Wifi seemed to work even though I only used it for 1min or so. Can be confusing to board the right bus, so make sure to verbally confirm when boarding. No assigned seats as I thought. Ive only been on greyhound before and this was a little cheaper. My main complaint was that the seats were STIFF and not very comfortable which can be a problem when you are seated for 4-5hrs. I planned on sleeping and I did but very uncomfortably. Also not very spacious, you definitely bump shoulders with the person next to you. My other complaint was that the bus smelled of urine, yuck! Im not sure why but it reeked of urine. I have never taken a Chinatown bus so I wouldnt be able to compare. The driver did get us to DC in one piece without incident and on time. So no complaint there. It does the job I suppose.Bus on the way back to NYC was sooo much nicer and newer! It was clean with better seats so I suppose it is luck of the draw which bus you get. The bus on the way to DC was not nice but this one is nice. If they were all like this, Boltbus would be the way to go!', 'stars': '3', 'usefull_likes': '8'}
{'review': 'Best bus to take between NYC and Boston! Specially compared to Megabus which is more expensive and offers no plugs.', 'stars': '5', 'usefull_likes': '4'}
{'review': "A dollar and a dream...You got me Boltbus. I was too cynical to believe it after one try. But a dollar and a dream later, I traveled through four states, to two different destinations, with free wi-fi, professional service, and more than once, two seats to myself.Yes, the bathroom should really only be used in emergency situations due to the possibility of totally losing your balance and falling down onto the seat. But, who's looking? And granted, I did think I was about to die the one time the driver decided while driving through the Holland Tunnel, to search through his dufflebag for some chapstick. But whats a little lane-weaving in a tunnel under the river when a roundtrip costs all of eight dollars?What is it indeed.Bolt bus, I'll be hitching a ride with you again sometime soon. A dollar and a dream, and gosh darn it, you're worth it.", 'stars': '5', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "Cheap, free wifi and power outlets.Unreliable, typically late and shitty drivers.It's your call.", 'stars': '3', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "BoltBus, here is why I hate you:-I booked a ticket for the first bus out of NYC on a Saturday morning (i.e. around 6 AM)-Yes, I know it was snowy, but NO BUS EVERY SHOWED UP!-A group of us waited for hours, then finally called the Chinatown buses who were operating, even though YOU weren't-When I called to get a refund since you didn't show, you told me I couldn't have one and I had to have my bank fight the charges so I could get my stupid $16 backI would rather put up with the lack of amenities on a Chinatown bus than to be left stranded in the freezing cold waiting for a bus that never showed. \xa0You have no phone number so people can't reach you and the worst customer service in the industry!", 'stars': '1', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "Having tried just about every one of these services--Fung Wah (yikes!), Mega Bus, Peter Pan--I am a big fan of the BoltBus. \xa0I mean, keep your expectations reasonable given the price and it's quite good. \xa0Most of the buses--but not all!!!!--have wifi and outlets. \xa0I love this. \xa0I omitted a star because I was assured that each bus had these and that's not true, but, when they do, it's really nice. \xa0Legroom situation is indeed far better than others and the seats are comfortable.Drivers are nice and things seem organized compared to the other bus companies. \xa0I also found the online rez system to be extremely easy to use and it's nice not to have to print a ticket (I just showed my phone).I'll definitely use BoltBus for all my NYC to Philly, DC, Boston needs.", 'stars': '4', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "The Bolt Bus was fine. \xa0Prompt. \xa0Clean. \xa0New buses. \xa0Nice efficient drivers. Those pros being said; now for the cons. \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 If u r portly, the restroom is a spectacle. \xa0It's \xa0like putting the 0 into a 1. \xa0Its a squeeze & its \xa0embarassing & u can get stuck. \xa0Use the toilet elsewhere.  \xa0 \xa0 The air-conditioning sucks. \xa0During the heatwave it was like the a/c didn't have freon. \xa0I rode to MD on bus #0826 on 7/06/10 \xa0Same thing back to NYC on bus 0857 on 07/07/10. \xa0That tells meThey're trying to save money on Freon", 'stars': '3', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': 'This page took me five minutes to access on a Bolt Bus. \xa0It took me three clicks to get to this page. \xa0This is why we pay more for the comfort and conveniences of Bolt?I arrived at the bus at DC\'s Union Station at 5:56 for a 6pm bus only to find out that my seat had been given away to a standby passenger. \xa0Nobody was asked to leave, I was told that I had two choices:1) Wait half an hour for another bus, which was also sold out, so I had no guarantee of a seat2) "I got a hump" said the ticket taker. \xa0He was offering me a small hard platform behind all of the seats next to the bathroom.Chose option 2, and regret it. \xa0I knew the platform (above the engine) would be hard, but it is also damned hot. \xa0So now I am sweating, back aching, the familiar and unsettling lavatory odor wafting out of the broken hatch, wishing only to be able to so much watch a YouTube video to forget how much this sucks. \xa0From my perch back here, I can see four computer screens open, all working in Microsoft Word, because NOBODY HAS DECENT INTERNET ACCESS.Eff you, Bolt Bus. \xa0Eff you right in the ear.', 'stars': '2', 'usefull_likes': '1'}
{'review': "I take the Bolt Bus from NY to BOS every other month for the past two and a half years and enjoy it fully. \xa0Sure the drivers get nutty: the routes are crazy as they try to avoid traffic in manhattan, but they get you there, you don't have to put miles on your car and every once and a while you can get a good nap in.The boarding process in NY can get crazy but I've never missed my bus, I've never been more than 10 minutes late. \xa0Just listen to the yelling bus drivers, know whether you're an A, B or C ticket and don't crowd the door. \xa0Enjoy your trip!", 'stars': '5', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': 'Screw you Bolt. \xa0My first and last experience EVER on this joke of a service. \xa0Not sure if it was any better before Greyhound bought them, but I will never allow anyone I actually like or care about to ride their buses again. \xa0If this review keeps you from taking Bolt, then I will at least have felt somewhat redeemed. \xa0A couple of weekends ago I decided to take a trip to DC to visit friends. \xa0I purchased a ticket for the Thursday 3pm bus on Sunday online. \xa0The process was simple enough. \xa0That\'s where the nightmare begins. \xa0Let me tell you a scary story boys and girls...I picked Bolt over the other companies because they picked up and dropped off in downtown NYC at 6th and Grand which I thought was more convenient than going to Penn Station which is a nightmare. \xa0I get there about 15 minutes early and see a few other people with luggage standing around. \xa0They tell me the Bolt bus is usually parked there by now. \xa0I don\'t get too concerned. \xa0That is until another 30 minutes passes and no bus. \xa0Then we see a bus coming...only to see it drive right by us. \xa0By 3:45 a big red bus finally rolls up. \xa0The driver comes out and says he only has seats for 5 people. \xa0There are ten of us standing there, already pissed that we waited 45 minutes. \xa0He says he can take the first 5 based on ticket number. \xa0Are you freaking serious? \xa0By ticket number?! \xa0He said our bus driver "forgot" to pick us up. \xa0How hard is it to remember two stops in New York City and one stop in Washington, DC when that\'s all you effing do all day?! \xa0BS. \xa0At this point I was already anxious because I had a reservation at 8pm in DC for the opening of Mike Isabella\'s new restaurant Graffiato. \xa0I figured 5 hours would be enough time to get me there. \xa0At this point I\'m pushing it and probably going to be late because the New York traffic was starting to build up which was what I was hoping to avoid. \xa0I check my number and it doesn\'t look good. \xa05 people have numbers ahead of me, so back to the familiar sidewalk I go. \xa0The driver says another bus is coming in 20 minutes. \xa0This is when I first learn that 20 minutes in Bolt language = 1 hour. \xa0The 5 remaining stranded passengers sit on the sidewalk for another hour plus until a bus finally shows up. \xa0This time the bus actually has seats for us! \xa0So we board at around 5pm. \xa0I\'m thinking maybe I\'ll get to the restaurant in time for dessert and some scraps from dinner with the traffic we\'re going to be stuck in. \xa0The bus starts driving and within two blocks it stalls...6 times. \xa0The bus driver makes the prudent and safe decision to take a lap around the block and return us to my new temporary sidewalk home where it all began. \xa0At this point I\'m so livid that I\'m numb from the pain and too discombobulated to be angry anymore. \xa0They say we need to wait for a replacement bus...which will be coming in 20 minutes. \xa0Yes, that\'s right, it didn\'t arrive for another hour plus. \xa0During that time I felt like I had become Pavlov\'s dog jumping every time I saw a large red vehicle crossing Canal St. \xa0It was demoralizing each time it turned out to be a Cort moving truck or a Poland Spring water truck. \xa0Finally at 6:15 an actual Bolt Bus arrived and I was finally on my way to DC...THREE HOURS and FIFTEEN MINUTES later. \xa0I was supposed to arrive at DC by 7 with time to spare for dinner with my friends. \xa0Instead I got to DC at 10:30. \xa0The drivers were unapologetic and even seemed annoyed that we were upset. \xa0The customer service number was useless because they never answered the phone. \xa0And I emailed them a few times only to have them seemingly auto-respond "Apologies, but the bus should be arriving shortly". \xa0Screw You Bolt. \xa0That\'s not the end of the story boys and girls. \xa0I was afraid because I had purchased a round trip and knew I would have to see that damned red bus again to go home. \xa0I got to Union Station only to see about 150 people standing around. \xa0Here we go again. \xa0Apparently 7:30pm bus meant I would be getting on the 9pm bus \xa0because the 6pm bus tickets were going to take our 7:30 bus. \xa0So once again, I was stuck waiting for another 1.5 hours. \xa0The inept drivers were once again apathetic to our anger. \xa0Because let\'s face it, we paid $20 for our trip. \xa0We don\'t like it? \xa0Go take Amtrak. \xa0Screw you Bolt.Even after ripping them a new one, all I got was a free trip after they refunded me for both tickets. \xa0After losing 4.5 hours of my life, missing a once-in-a-lifetime dining experience with my friends and enduring quite possibly the worst customer service experience ever, at least my trip was free. \xa0Hey Bolt, you can take my 40 bucks and...', 'stars': '1', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "Took Bolt Bus from NYC to Boston on a Saturday afternoon. \xa0The bus was pretty clean, air conditioned (much needed), fairly comfortable, quite cheap, and the people on it seemed low key, well-groomed and quiet. \xa0The bus came about 15 minutes late and we had to load our own luggage underneath the bus. \xa0We hit a little bit of traffic (not the fault of the bus, I know), but then the driver stopped for 15 minutes at Burger King. \xa0There were other Bolt Buses there so I think it's a regular stop on the route. \xa0So, it arrived a little more than an hour after the estimated time. \xa0If it weren't for the BK stop I would have probably given it 4 stars, but it just did not seem like a necessary excursion and added too much time onto the trip.", 'stars': '3', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "if you don't expect anything other than getting from point a to point b you may be satisfied.... otherwise stay away! dirty bus.... broken seat.... late pick up.... no customer rep at pick up stop to explain the bus being over 45 mins late.... oh, and the AC is broken on a 95 degree day with a packed bus.... heard enough?", 'stars': '1', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': 'Services are better than the competition, mostly on time and their pick up and drop offs in NYC is very convenient.', 'stars': '3', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': 'Decent. Light-years above a Greyhound or Fung-Wah experience. I prefer Megabus but Bolt is in the same league.', 'stars': '3', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "A great way to travel along the East Coast. Cheaper than Amtrak, with Wi-Fi that is no less reliable, and pretty comfortable. Usually four hours between DC and NY. The other riders are almost always polite, clean and congenial. Sure, there are occasional snafus with late buses and people huddling in the cold, but it is reliable most of the time. Don't think you can get your reserved seat if you arrive at the last minute. They clearly state the policy, so don't whine about it. Getting on the bus can be a scrum, but they are taking more care with organization. I've noticed.", 'stars': '4', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': 'I\'ve grown oddly suspicious of this enterprise known as BoltBus. BB is a joint venture between Greyhound and Peter Pan, but you would probably think that this was the brain child of Steve Jobs in his latest attempt to rule the technology world. A glance at the passengers and their respective arrangements would uniquely resemble an Apple store, what with passengers multitasking between their most prized possessions including: an iPhone, MacBook, and iPod touch. I consider BB an upgrade from the old coach buses that both Greyhound and Peter Pan separately provided. BB\'s buses come equipped with wi-fi capability and conveniently placed outlets for each tech junkie. The seats are a bit more spacious, and the clientele is a bit less "gritty and rugged." It might be partially attributed to the company\'s marketing strategy and the use of the internet or maybe the fact that Greyhound loyalists haven\'t caught on to the competitive fares. I took the 6:30PM bus on a Friday and arrived at my destination (Boston) at approximately 10:20PM which is pretty remarkable considering we were supposed to arrive at South Station at 10:15PM. Wait on the street, in front of Tick Tock diner and don\'t worry about having enough battery life for your electronics but don\'t forget to bring your chargers. I can\'t really see myself taking the traditional Greyhound bus anytime soon, unless BB reaches critical mass and starts charging "market rates." For an inexpensive ride from NYC to Boston you could dole out a hand-job to a stranger or simply buy a ticket for BoltBus. I\'d rather BoltBus.', 'stars': '4', 'usefull_likes': '1'}
{'review': 'used it again on the east coast from Boston to NYC and back. The process went more efficiently. Gotta love public transit.', 'stars': '4', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "Mixed reviews about Boltbus. First of all, I'm used to taking planes everywhere I go so it was hard for me to separate one experience from the other. Price: Very cheap considering the distance you're traveling (NY-Boston)Departure: boarding process took about 15 minutes for 7a.m. and left right on time.Driver: Was this lady who I can see either as one of those crazy aunts that completely takes over a family gathering or a substitute teacher in high school. But to my surprise she did a good job. We stopped at a Burger King about 3 hours into our 41/2 hour trip. Advised everyone that we were only going to be there for 15 minutes and was on point to leave as well. Comfort: Very uncomfortable leather seats. Not much leg room and very limited space. Back was definitely hurting once we arrived in Boston. Overall: You get what you pay for!", 'stars': '3', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "I've been back and forth between NYC and Philly about 40 times over the last few years. Bolt bus has been the most dependable of all the forms of transportation. That includes Amtrak (70 dollars each way with constant breakdowns) and Septa/NJ Transit (not a bad choice, but it takes 3 hours and you have to transfer once).With Bolt Bus I pay between 9-13 dollars and I can pretty much guarantee that I'll be there in 2 hours. Boarding on the street near Penn station is the worst part because that area is so busy. But this is the best, cheapest, shortest way to Philadelphia, as long as you avoid the rush hours. Night routes (after 8pm) are a good bet. Bring headphones.", 'stars': '3', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': 'Pros: nice that there is a cheaper alternative to go from NYC to nearby major cities vs Amtrak.Cons: unreliable schedule (often late but sometimes super early so all seats already filled), buses in need of repair, unsafe drivers (texting while driving, way over speed limit), poor customer service.', 'stars': '5', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "Took the bus from NY-Penn to Boston one way to catch a flight to Iceland (wait, where?). \xa0Showed up on a Wednesday afternoon for a 2:30 bus, but was able to get on a 2pm that wasn't full. \xa0The bus driver was friendly, the bus was clean and comfy, and the wifi worked. \xa0All this for $15. \xa0Still trying to catch one of the $1 fares, which I don't think is that hard but you do have to plan a decent amount in advance. \xa0My only problem was the horrific I-95 traffic in Fairfield County. \xa02 hours to go 20 miles? \xa0The entire trip should last about 5 hours but after 4 we hadn't even made it to New Haven. \xa0To make up for it I wish the driver would have asked the passengers if they still wanted to make the Arby's rest stop because at that point I was in full freak-out mode about possibly missing my int'l flight.Alas all was well, as the rest of the route goes through Hartford and east across the Mass Turnpike, instead of continuing on I-95 to Providence. \xa0Smart.Oh yea and they have a frequent rider program where you can earn free trips. \xa0Make sure to sign up online!", 'stars': '2', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "Had a good experience with Bolt Bus. Had to stand on the corner and there was definately some confusion but the 2:30 p.m. bus for Washington left at about 2:35.The bad news: first, we had to go to lower Manhattan to pick up some more people (why?) and that took a long time. At 3:30 we were passing Newark Airport (which seems wrong)Stopped at Clara Barton to stretch our legs on way down to DC. Older bus didn't have outlets at every seat but I re-charged my ipod during the Clara Barton stop at an empty seat.We were at least half an hour late in DC.Coming back from DC, we left on time and bus was clean and in good condition. We did not stop at all but drove through.We were an hour late, even though there was normal/light traffic. It was a newer bus with seat belts and outlets at every seat. It's that outlet that's worth its weight in gold.", 'stars': '4', 'usefull_likes': '8'}
{'review': "Great driver, but the bus was horrible. When I took a trip to DC, it was overcrowded and smelled VERY bad. I thought that I wouldn't survive the ride, but I did. And I will never ride Bolt again.", 'stars': '4', 'usefull_likes': '5'}
{'review': "The buses are fine, however the policies and customer service are INEXCUSABLE. \xa0I had a round trip ticket from NYC to Boston. \xa0I was scheduled to leave NYC at 2:00pm, the bus didn't arrive until close to 2:30, departing closer to 2:40pm, arriving Boston almost 2 hours late. \xa0For the return trip I encountered a bit of traffic to the bus station, arriving 10 minutes before expected departure. \xa0I ran to the gate, where I jumped in line that I thought was to board the bus. \xa0Quickly figured our that I was in fact standing in the standby line and they had already filled my bus including the empty seats with standby passengers. \xa0The bus departed the station BEFORE departure time, I literally stood there with my ticket in hand and watched the bus pull out of the station with my seat filled. \xa0I was out of luck. \xa0There were no customer service representatives to help or answer questions. \xa0I ended up buying a ticket for a different bus company. \xa0I will NEVER use BoltBus again, unfortunate since I commute to Boston twice a month. \xa0I've made sure to tell all of my friends to never use this company and to pass the word. \xa0I am outraged at the rudeness and audacity they have. \xa0BoltBus never apologizes when they encounter traffic and arrive late, however if a passenger arrives any later than 15 minutes before departure, they are shit out of luck.", 'stars': '2', 'usefull_likes': '5'}
{'review': "ALWAYS ALWAYS ALWAYS book your ticket while logged into the website. You will receive loyalty points for a free trip as well as get priority boarding. I have taken the bus between NY and Boston and NY and Philly several times now and I have yet to be disappointed (especially when I snagged a $1 fare!) The price is cheap, the bus departs on schedule, and I have never had a bus break down on me. The seats are comfortable leather and the air conditioning has always worked for me. The AC outlets have worked in all but 1 trip and it was just 1 seat's outlets that weren't working. Since the first thing I do when I get on the bus is check the outlet, I had plenty of time to change seats. I have never tried the bathroom so I can't comment as to that.Cons:I have not yet had a trip where the wifi worked for more than a few minutes after we departed. Sometimes it would work sporadically, other times it wouldn't work at all. I use my cell as a wireless hotspot so it wasn't that big of a deal for me but if I expected internet access from the bus I would have been disappointed. That is the only reason I gave this 4 stars instead of 5.", 'stars': '1', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': 'Did you read my August saga following the late night Bolt Bus that never showed up?Here is the 2 month follow-upYes!Bobltbus retains #1 status.2 months later - \xa0Boltbus - sent me a check to reimburse me for following their instructions to \xa0take cabs and Amtrak when their late night bus never showed up.Boltbus also sent me 2 free trips as an apology for the hassle.Boltbus retains its #1 status!Yeah!', 'stars': '4', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "What's it like stalled in bumper-to-bumper traffic on the NJ Turnpike on a stifling summer day on a rickety bus, feeling the hot humid air of a broken air conditioner? Try BoltBus. I'm appalled by the service... I wonder if these buses are even roadworthy.", 'stars': '5', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': 'I booked a ticket on a 6:30am bus from NY to DC. \xa0Arrived 6:10am. \xa06:15, no bus. \xa06:30, no bus. \xa06:40, it starts to rain. \xa0Everyone is outside on the street with no cover, getting rained on. \xa0No bus. \xa06:50, no bus. \xa07am, it\'s now pouring. \xa0No bus.Someone finally tracked down a rep from this lousy company - there was no one at the bus stop - and they claimed they "combined" the 6:30 and 7:30 busses. \xa0Meaning they cancelled the 6:30 and never bothered to tell any of us that got up at 5am or earlier to make this bus. \xa0By 7:40, the 7:30 bus had still not shown up and I spent $136 on Amtrak to get me to DC for important meetings. \xa0No idea when a bus finally showed up.I highly recommend booking anything BUT Bolt Bus. \xa0I would never trust them to get me where I needed to go. \xa0They showed a total disregard for customer service. \xa0To cancel a bus - at 6:30am, no less - and not notify people is inexcusable.', 'stars': '1', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "I didnt have a yelp before this but the experience pretty much convinced me to get one. On sites like tripadvistor, I never give 1 star reviews, but this company really takes the cake.This morning I needed to get home to DC from NYC. I had read on here that Bolt had a reputation for being late so I didn't pre-buy a ticket, incase it was late by a few hours and I had to find alternative transport. I called customer service asking if i could pay with cash if a bus showed up and the lady on the phone said sure. After waiting a half hour for the late 12:30 NYC - DC bus in pouring rain, one finally rocks up. I hand the driver a $20 note and he said even though tix online were $13, mine would be $25. It was midday and only ten people boarded. I told him I could buy the new ticket online from my iphone in front of him if he wanted because I had been misguided on the phone. He started yelling for me to get off his bus and that even though tickets were still available online, he wouldn't \xa0accept it if i bought. I was then chucked off with my belongings back into the pouring rain. \xa0It was quite a scene for five measly dollars! Very unprofessional, uncalled for, and pretty much a disgrace to all of humanity. Ended up taking Amtrak because I was drenched and couldn't handle the idea of waiting for another bus to *maybe* come.Bolt Bus, if you're reading this, you really need to steep your game up. Its a competitive market and your staff are ruining it. It's the DC2NY bus for me from now on...", 'stars': '1', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "Very convenient (pick area in NYC is a block from Penn Station), on-time, clean and affordable. We were also dropped at the Union Station in Washington DC, which I wandered the building for awhile. Free wi-fi too which is a plus.But my question is - on my reservation, it says Bolt Bus, but it turned out the bus to be Peter Pan Bus? I didn't ask why - I was so busy then at that time.", 'stars': '1', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "Made a few trips between New York and Boston. The good thing is that the buses always leave on time. The boarding process is fairly decent. The cloth seats are comfy enough but the so called leather seats are not - I tend to slide down in them and I don't have poor posture. After a 5 hour trip, one can end up with back and neck pains. The drivers have poor interpersonal skills. In particular, the one driver who drives the 8 AM bus to Boston is fairly rough and rude. Now the breakdowns. I had two breakdowns within 4 trips. Which is one hell of a messy record and boltbus direly needs to improve on that. The cheap fares don't look as cheap when you take these into account. The departure point in New York - all the way down 34 th street to 12th avenue - is a pain to get to and I am sure folks will opt for Peter Pan when the weather gets rough. So this is my story. I am still to take a stand on whether Boltbus is cheap in the real sense of the term!", 'stars': '5', 'usefull_likes': '3'}
{'review': "Boltbus has slowly been going downhill over the last year or so. It used to be pretty decent and now the delayed departure, surly staff are getting more and more frequent. My last trip to DC this weekend will definitely be my last with Boltbus. It was bad enough they were 2hrs late departing but would a little communication on what was going on have hurt that much? The journey back was worse. The toilets were out of service and yet the driver point blank refused to stop at a rest stop during the 5hrs journey despite multiple requests. I don't blame the rude staff but the company culture and the obvious lack of basic training. It's time this company shaped up or shipped out.", 'stars': '3', 'usefull_likes': '1'}
{'review': "My weekend plans weren't perking my fancy, so I decided on a last minute trip to Philly. I had heard good things about Bolt, and didn't want to mess with the Chinatown buses, so I hopped online and thankfully there were still several buses available for that same day. The online process was really quick and simple, and I was able to book a round trip for only $24 bucks. Score.I headed to the 34th and 8th Ave location about 30 minutes before my departure, and clumsily tried to figure out what was going on. There was no real line, and found out the boarding was in different waves, A, B, and C, like in an airport. It was funny to see how everyone under 30 had their confirmation via text message, while everyone over 30 had a printout. We got informed once we sat down that we were lucky enough to get an old model bus with broken air conditioning and broken Wi-fi. Not bad for me - I didn't have a laptop, and the temperature was comfortable in the beginning.But soon enough, it got hot, seriously hot. There were repeated attempts by the passengers to get some kind of air circulating in the bus, but to no avail. The driver slyly smirked at us next to her open window and said that her gauge read 85 degrees in the back. Lets just say, I regretted wearing my flannel boxers that day. Between the prices, convenience, locations, and friendly staff, I would definitely recommend Bolt. Just hope that you get a newly modeled bus.", 'stars': '4', 'usefull_likes': '6'}
{'review': "Currently on the bus from NY to Philly. While I love how speedy and prompt Bolt is, I always manage to get the same driver whose driving scares the bejeezes out of me. I'm in the front seat so it feels like I'm on some sort of horror thrill ride. My heart's pounding as I'm watching my life flash before my eyes. But I guess the driver has to be good to still be alive herself right? Even so, it's still better than the putt putt drivers I've had before..", 'stars': '4', 'usefull_likes': '5'}
{'review': 'Went to Philly on Saturday. This was my first bus journey from New York so checked out the reviews and BoltBus seemed quite positive.We followed the instructions and met outside Tick Tock diner in plenty of time for the 7.45am bus. The 7.15 bus left at 7.45 and after that our bus arrived. It was freezing waiting at that time in the morning. Anyway the bus left at about 8.00am and made good time. The driver was professional and competent although a couple of drivers did test his ability to emergency stop. We booked on line and the trip was $50 round for two people which we thought reasonable. We had an A boarding letter so boarded first.The bus was comfortable for a two hour trip but we could not rely on the Wifi as it is slow. Had a nap en route and arrived on time. The return bus left Philly on time and was a smooth journey. Thank you BoltBus, we would definitely use you again. My only request would be more guidance on where to wait as buses depart for various cities from the same stops.', 'stars': '4', 'usefull_likes': '4'}
{'review': 'I travel frequently by bus and have tried out all the major bus lines. \xa0Bolt stands out as the best.The buses are new, often leather seays, wifi that actually works. \xa0 But i became a huge fan when I received poor service one day from a dispatcher on site when the bus was running late. \xa0 I do expect some buses, not often, to run late \xa0 \xa0traffic on the NJ Turnpike is unpredictable.Instead of just saying sorry, they offered me a round trip free trip to apologize.How often do you find a company that acknowledges poor service and does something about it!I am now a very loyal Bolt fan!', 'stars': '4', 'usefull_likes': '5'}
{'review': "Both times I have used Bolt, the wifi didn't work and the driver couldn't do anything about it. If one needs to do work during the ride, this company cannot be depended on to provide wireless.", 'stars': '5', 'usefull_likes': '4'}
{'review': 'Bolt has done it quite nicely. On my way to DC, the bus broke down resulting in an hour + long delay. But they offered compensation. The way back to NYC was flawless with a friendly captain (who didnt like to be called driver or chauffeur). Got a quick and efficient break in Delaware. Buses were clean and ran smoothly with their axles in places. The only major downside is their new NYC pick up location on 33rd street and 11th avenue, which is practically in the middle of nowhere. But Bolt is nice enough to offer a courtesy drop off closer to the subway, depending on the driver, I mean, captain. I wish they would expand to other cities on the eastern seaboard.', 'stars': '2', 'usefull_likes': '4'}
{'review': 'Easy, clean, comfy leather seats, minimum population of shady peepz, transported me from NYC to Philly in under 2 hours, allowed me to post this review AND far superior in safety to the veering off the side of the road Chinatown bus.What can Bolt do for you?', 'stars': '4', 'usefull_likes': '4'}
{'review': 'This is the on-wheels version of RyanAir. My girlfriend got a NY-Boston ticket for $1.50!!!We both went back from Boston to New York for a mere $15!!!Come on! Really??Leather seats, kind clientele, power outlets and free wireless!!!! A little slow to be honest...Not completely comfortable to work with a notebook (seats are slightly to close to each other) but otherwise a tremendous deal.And we got in 30 minutes before schedule...', 'stars': '5', 'usefull_likes': '2'}
{'review': 'For $30 (just a few bucks more than other buses) , you get a really comfortable ride from Boston to NYC , the leg room was fantastic , but the wifi sucked, took 50 seconds to open up google.com :(', 'stars': '4', 'usefull_likes': '3'}
{'review': 'I rode Bolt from NYC to DC yesterday and loved it. The service was affordable, punctual and comfortable and our driver, \xa0Kelvin, was the man. He was friendly, genuine and humorous while maintaining a professional presence -- a real asset to the company. Give this guy a raise, Bolt bigwigs! Overall, I would choose Bolt over other bus services any day.', 'stars': '3', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "Took this mammer-jammer for my trip to DC a couple of weeks ago.Got us to DC (back to NYC) on time. They even let you hop on an earlier ride if there's seats available & you're around to hop on.Minus one star 'cause the bus going to DC had no internet...they had 'forgotten' to reinstall the wifi system back into the bus after repairs.Plus, you can't beat their RT cheap fares with all that's included in the autobus.", 'stars': '5', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "On the value alone, BoltBus is an absolute must. \xa0I went to Boston, back and forth in the same day, for $36 round trip. \xa0The seats were comfortable enough, the leg room was moderate and there is WiFi available the whole way - for $36 round trip! \xa0No chance you can beat that. \xa0Comparable train trip was $180 for the same times.So I will use BoltBus again without hesitation, but you can't expect perfection for a $36 round trip and I certainly did not get perfection. \xa0The bus from NY to Boston smelled like someone threw up on it the previous trip. \xa0There really isn't a way to duplicate that smell so I am sure that happened not long before this trip. \xa0I did have two seats to myself on the way so no complaints there.The power outlets, which are another nice touch so you can power up on the way while surfing the net, is on the headrest of the aisle seat so if you are on the window it may be awkward to stretch your cord over someone else's knees. \xa0Also, if you have anything more than a straight plug, such as a MacBook power cord/supply, it will fall out of the outlet on larger bumps so you have to keep a watch on it.The seats are fine, but you will be cozy with your neighbor. \xa0There is a bathroom on board although I would never use it, but for a severe emergency. \xa0I learned on camp bus trips a long time ago that you can usually see in the bathroom from the back row on the left if you look off the window.Both trips we arrived on time which was great. \xa0I had it at three stars because I would not say I am a fan of BoltBus, but in the end I really am a fan of the value for the services provided. \xa0The ride went by quick with the WiFi and with the use of headphones you can cancel any and all conversations going on around you.", 'stars': '4', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': 'Just wanted to add my voice to the chorus of positive votes. Yes, the leather seats are very comfortable; yes, the driver was safe and polite (and firm: He told us before we left NYC, "Anyone who can\'t get the WiFi, tell me NOW, because I can\'t stop driving to help you later"); yes, we left on time and arrived on time; and yes, the passengers were all well mannered and quiet. The bathroom was clean and had a Purell wall dispenser in lieu of a sink. I subtracted one star from my rating because I had trouble getting the toilet to fully flush. This was my first ride on Bolt. But it won\'t be my last! At $24 for the NY to DC run, this is excellent value for the money! (And yes, do sign up for their loyalty program. Being allowed to board first was a Very Good Thing!)P.S.: To people who\'ve had trouble buying tix online: Bolt\'s site is NOT Firefox-compatible. But you shouldn\'t have trouble if you use IE (or, at least, I didn\'t, after trying and failing 3x with Firefox).', 'stars': '4', 'usefull_likes': '3'}
{'review': 'Every one of these busses (Mega, Tripper etc, ) are terrible.They ALL ned to learn something from LimoLiner and something about customer service.', 'stars': '4', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "I've been travelling quite a bit for work recently, and I've taken Bolt Bus three times now -- to Boston, to Baltimore, and to Philly. \xa0It's better than any other form of transportation!!I've also discovered it's cheaper than Greyhound, Chinatown busses, and even the NJTransit!The busses are always clean and comfortable, the drivers are helpful and drive safely, and you get free wi-fi and power outlets on every bus!When I went to Philly this weekend, I got done with work early and wanted to catch an earlier bus instead of the one I had reservations for. \xa0The driver was super nice and, since the bus wasn't sold out, she let me switch with no problem. \xa0I didn't have to pay extra or go through any hassles.If you have to travel anywhere in the northeast corridor, Bolt Bus is the way to go!", 'stars': '1', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "My last Bolt Bus fare from NY to DC was only $1. \xa0Technically, \xa0$1.50 when you add the surcharge. \xa0You can't beat that. \xa0It cost more money to take the cross town bus to the 33rd Street pickup point in NYC than it did to travel to Washington, DC.The chairs are big and comfortable. \xa0The leg room is decent (especially if you compare it to an airline seat). \xa0My buses have always arrived on time. \xa0Arrival time is occasionally a bit later than stated, but you can't really blame Bolt Bus for traffic on the NJ Turnpike.I wouldn't be TOO excited about the bus provided WiFi. \xa0It is painfully slow and you won't be able to do anything too interesting with that kind of connection. \xa0The girl sitting next to me wanted to watch YouTube videos and play on Facebook but the connection is best used for basic email or internet surfing. The $1 fare allows me to forgive the crappy WiFi and the insanely loud group of college kids who chatted and sang through most of the 4 1/2 hour trip from NYC to DC on a Monday night. \xa0Also, another HUGE change to the service is that you can now take the bus to Union Station in DC instead of a sketchy parking lot north of Metro Center. \xa0Not a huge difference in downtown DC but it is nice to walk right into Union Station with shops and food instead of having to wander the very quiet center of the city late at night.", 'stars': '5', 'usefull_likes': '3'}
{'review': "What's happened to the service standards at bolt bus? It used to be great and much better than megabus, Chinatown buses, and the greyhound. But now you go to bolt bus stop in NYC at their very inconvenient location 33rd & 12th ave! and there is very little organization and a lot of chaos and rude staff who offer curt and careless answers, or even simply gesture and refuse to communicate verbally. There's no accountability, no one to coordinate and sort out the mess of confused travelers. This is after all a service industry and service begins with an acknowledgement of customer and a smile at a minimum. \xa0In this competitive market, bolt bus cannot afford to be so callous about customer service. Isn't that what is supposed to set it apart from the other low cost carriers? \xa0I spoke with 4 different people who told me to step aside, shrugged what do I care, randomly pointed me to stand here and there with no explanation of what to expect, or just stared at confused travelers and walked away without any explanation. \xa0It was bizarre how poorly they were treating travelers given the obvious sentiment of frustration from the travelers. \xa0No apologies, no attempts to address or solve a problem. \xa0What used to be a great service is now run by careless workers who are on a power trip, take no real pride in building a worthwhile enterprise that users value l, and has zero understanding of service business principals.", 'stars': '3', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "BoltBus, stop advertising your wifi like crazy when it works 20% of the time... and even then, crappily... I don't even care that you make a big marketing deal out of $1 tickets I've never heard of anyone actually getting, but the wifi thing drives me nuts.Even that, though, is far less infuriating than their ungodly abomination of a website. The graphics can lock up, overlaying the fields you need to fill out to purchase tickets. Once in a while, after making it through the entire process (quitting and reopening my browser several times), the Purchase button itself doesn't work for me.Maybe there's a reason for it that I don't know about, but do they really have to have their stop at Penn Station? So much time is wasted sitting in midtown traffic. Furthermore, is it entirely necessary to drive uptown through Manhattan and the Bronx on the NYC to Boston trip? Because that eats up about an hour every time, and I'm nearly certain there's a faster way.Why four stars on this list of grievances? Because I have had to make so many NYC-DC (work) and NYC-Boston (family) trips, and a better, cheaper way just isn't conceivable. For about the same price, you don't have to deal with often dirty, sometimes terrifyingly-driven Chinatown buses. The seats are comfortable, the on-board bathrooms totally acceptable. The buses are only late picking you up sometimes (usually in icky weather). Truly, BoltBus is a great service. I think I'm just tired of making all those trips.", 'stars': '1', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': 'Ok here\'s my story about the so called "great bolt bus". On july 3rd I had a 10am bus to DC, I arrived at about 915 in from of SBarros with about 100 other people standing there. Great. Oh I forgot to mention it was POURING DOWN RAIN..... the bolt bus at 930 came about 945... I figured it was the 10am, it wasn\'t. This bus was the 930 and it did say "bolt".Now here\'s the part where it gets real good. A bolt bus pulls in about 1005 and then pulls out and leaves! Some no name bus comes up and the driver yells ,"10 am to DC". I stand there like "duh" because I figure that\'s not my bus, but it is.... I put my bag into the compartment outside the bus, and this old lady just walks in front of me and says "I wanna just ask the driver a question" she gets on the bus and she has a 1030 ticket, bus driver says ok. Some jerk off had a 930 but he was late, bus driver says okay.On the way back from DC was a nightmare, btw never be right on time, you\'ll regret it. I got there today at 925 for the 930, and everyone had taken 2 seats. The only one that was free was the one by the bathroom, so whenever anyone had to use it, I got hit by an odor and the door. Driver was also letting everyone on board no matter what the ticket says. Chinese guy be hing me was eating some disgusting food. One star.', 'stars': '4', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "The bus ride reminded me of what a rolling porto potty designed for 50 passengers would smell like. One that hasn't been cleaned out and is brimming, Makes me sick to my stomach.", 'stars': '1', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "My trip from NYC to Boston was 3.75 hours with no glitches, which rules. The seats on Bolt are comfortable and spacious; there are plenty of outlets, and I saw people successfully using the wireless; the bathroom is decent, despite the fact that they were out of hand sanitizer, which is gross; the bus smelled fine, though there's always going to be some nasty sandwiches on public transportation; climate control was quite lovely; and, as I said before, this thing is fast! Definitely a great value.The crowd on Bolt was pretty loud. My previous trip on Megabus was a lot more low key, which I greatly preferred. I'm sure this varies with every trip, though, so it's no big deal--but just don't forget your headphones!Their schedule is great--every half hour--so I'll definitely be a repeat customer.", 'stars': '4', 'usefull_likes': '4'}
{'review': "My trips are business-expensable. I could fly, Acela, whatever. I chose Bolt for my recent NYC-Boston trip because I needed to complete a project on deadline. Acela's wifi is DOA, so I counted on having 4.5 hours on Bolt to finish my proposal. The trip to Boston had no power, no wifi. Ergo, no work. The following day's return trip had wifi, but no working power outlets.There goes Bolt's value proposition. I wasn't riding to save money. I chose them because I needed to work during travel time. If I'd known of these outages 5 minutes in advance of departure, I would have made other arrangements.Fail. They've lost me as a passenger - forever.", 'stars': '1', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "On-time departure from DC, orderly boarding procedure, affordable ticket, comfortable seat, clean floor, acceptable bathroom.OTOH: electrical outlets didn't work, and the wifi crapped out after an hour. Don't know if this is typical or not of the service overall. Arrived NYC quite late, but doubt that is the fault of the bus.", 'stars': '3', 'usefull_likes': '1'}
{'review': "Hour and half late on the way there, sitting on the bus floor fearing for my life coming back - that sums up my Boltbus experience.Visited NY from DC last month and decided to try Boltbus. \xa0On the way there, a cold Saturday morning, the bus was more than hour and half late picking us up - with all of us stood there in the cold shivering. \xa0The unapologetic explanation was that there was a marathon in DC. \xa0But the marathon was not a spontaneous gathering - it happens every year and the street closures are known well in advance. \xa0Yet, Boltbus nonetheless sold everyone tickets and told everyone to be there, while it took no action to plan around the marathon. \xa0Oh, promises. Amazingly, on the way back to DC, things were worse. \xa0I booked their 9:30 pm bus back to DC. \xa0The bus arrived only around 30 minutes late, hooray! \xa0But it turned out that they had oversold, by one. \xa0Being the last one getting on, I had no seat. \xa0The bus driver offered me to sit in the entrance stairwell, on a bag of his books. \xa0 How am I going to get to DC on a Sunday night at 9:30 pm? \xa0So I reluctantly agreed. \xa0The bag of books was more comfortable than the grooved floor, but I had no padding otherwise. \xa0Leaning on the cold hard walls of the stairwell, every time a car passed by, the road roared right beneath me. \xa0Looking out of the passenger side front window, I prayed that the bus doesn't get into an accident, cause I would either smash against the stairwell wall, or fly out of the front window.I used to ride Chinatown buses on this route and have never been this sore, tired, and in pain afterwards. \xa0Wasn't Boltbus supposed to be better than Chinatown bus? \xa0  \xa0 Also, can someone tell me if having me sit in the stairwell is legal?", 'stars': '1', 'usefull_likes': '2'}
{'review': "Took it for the first time heading to Baltimore. Bought tickets to depart at 3PM, but the bus did not show up until 3:20PM. Another Bolt bus pulled in at 3:15PM, but it was going to D.C. and everyone waiting for the Baltimore and D.C. bus all jammed up the sidewalk. It was so hard to let pedestrians through because of the small-ish crowd of about 100 persons and their luggage. The D.C. bus that was suppose to depart at 3:30PM had left on time, while the Baltimore crowd was still waiting to board the bus. It was very disorganized when they called the groups to board the bus.Finally boarded the bus and left at 3:45PM. Despite all of the craziness, the ride was smooth. The leather seats with seat belt looks like seats on a rollercoaster, but it was comfy and good leg room. I really love the wifi on the bus, I mean yea it was spotty, but hey it helps kill time. The return trip from Baltimore was a better experience. It was well organized by groups and the bus was on time. The bus driver even let us have 10 minute break at the rest stop.For wifi and comfy seats, I'll take Bolt again!", 'stars': '3', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "Finally. After all these years of avoiding what seemed like a gradual decline in service, I booked tickets from Bmore to NYC. I was pleased with what I paid for those days, but I was not completely pleased with the service itself. They don't stop. That disturbs me. I had moments of delirium on the way to NYC and on the ride back, I almost had a panic attack. Okay, maybe it's just ME and my claustrophobia.... but I've never been on a bus to NY that didn't stop (and if you're reading this, it DOES prevent me from traveling to many far off places...so its bad haha). Hmm... I'll have to keep that in mind. The seats were a little uncomfortable because there some seats w/o foot rests. If you prefer to get to your destination as fast as possible and don't mind the non-stop trip, then this is your bus. But Boltbus would be my absolute last resort. I would also give em .5 a star for being somewhat accommodating when me and my bf missed our bus by minutes (we took the very next one). People are right though...Bolt Bus in NYC is mad disorganized.", 'stars': '3', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': 'The Virgin America of bus services. \xa0A note to people complaining about wi-fi: stop downloading streaming video on wi-fi that is shared. It is slow because of you.', 'stars': '5', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': 'So, my girlfriend and I took a trip to Boston via Greyhound, and thought we\'d save some money by trying out Bolt on the trip back to New York.We got to South Station a short time before 12:30, when our bus was scheduled to depart. However, 12:30 came and went, and no Bolt Bus. At about 1:00 PM the crowd was getting restless, so I decided to go find the Bolt Bus desk and ask them what was going on. I couldn\'t find it, so I asked the Lucky Star desk where I could find Bolt. "There is no Bolt Bus desk," they told me. "They are completely online." I guess that\'s how the company is able to make their tickets a little cheaper...1:15 rolled around, still no bus. 1:30 PM came, and finally a Bolt Bus pulled up...the crowd breathed a collective sigh of relief. We were herded on and thankfully managed to get a seat together. However, just as people finished boarding, we heard some angry yelling from outside. We peeked out the window and saw some commotion between the bus driver and an irate passenger. Hmmm....The bus left and as we were pulling out onto the highway ramp, the driver suddenly brought us to a stop, exited the bus, and opened/closed the exterior luggage compartment. One fearful passenger turned to us and wondered, "Geez, I hope my bag didn\'t just get dumped Along side the highway." Thankfully we didn\'t have to worry since we had smuched our bags in the dinky overhead compartment.Every time the bus driver tried to make an announcement via the inner-com, the thing just screeched a horrible sound, and you couldn\'t hear a thing. The driver kept trying repeatedly to make it work, but we only got unbearable screeching over and over again. Finally he gave up.Halfway thru the trip, we stopped at an Arby\'s to get some food. Where a million other buses had already pulled in. There was a huge line to use the lady\'s room and a constant fear among those in line of being left behind.Before I got back on the bus, I managed to strike up a conversation with the driver. It went about like this:Driver: "Were you on the 12:30 bus?"Me: "Um...yeah."Driver: "Oh. This is the 1:30 bus."Me: "Huh?"Driver: "There was no 12:30 bus today. The computer got it wrong, and sold thirty people tickets to a bus that didn\'t exist. I had to load all the 12:30 people on the 1:30 bus."Here is when I realized that the angry customer yelling at the driver was a 1:30 passenger who had been "bumped" to the 2:30 bus. All Bolt passengers for the day would have to be bumped back an hour. As to which bus the LAST people of the day would get on, the bus driver could only wonder.The rest of the trip was fine, aside from the creepy fat guy eating McDonalds over his laptop, who kept staring at my girlfriend. Yikes...quit staring at us, creepy fat guy and go back to checking out the half naked guys on your facebook.Moral of the story: if you take Bolt, you get a discount, but you also roll the dice, as they may sell you a ticket to a fictional bus that does not exist.Best of luck everyone in your discount bus adventures!', 'stars': '2', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "Though the trip was nice- my rating comes from their lost and found procedures. I left a package on the bus. I know that they do not claim liability when a passenger loses an item, but the driver found my package and reported it, notified me, and then she lost it again. It's really disappointing and frustrating because they are not claiming responsibility for the item and I was so close to getting it back!", 'stars': '1', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "Took BOLT 2x last year: once coming back from Philadelphia (short trip, under 2 hours) first week in January, then back from Boston in May (both to NYC). Rides were smooth and hassle-free, although I didn't use the wi-fi and was traveling at off times. Buses weren't too crowded and we got there on time. If they went to Albany, or some other east coast cities, I'd take them more often.", 'stars': '4', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "Unfortunately, BoltBus is not what it used to be. \xa0In fact, it has become a lot like the rest of the Greyhound family. By this I mean an extremely rude bus driver who swerved from one lane to the next, broken seats and dirty bathroom. \xa0Also, don't even think about getting the really cheap fare. \xa0I purchased a ticket more than 3 weeks in advance and had to pay more than $30. \xa0Whatever happened to the $1 fare that BoltBus advertises?", 'stars': '2', 'usefull_likes': '2'}
{'review': 'Highly unprofessional customer service. We stood in line for 30 minutes past the departure time and NO ONE from Bolt Bus had made an appearance. When the boarding attendant finally appeared, she gave no reason for the delay. When I asked her the reason, she literally sneered and said "Technical Difficulties" and just walked away. Discourteous and unprofessional. We finally got to DC 1.5 hours late. It\'s cheap - that\'s the only plus point. I am definitely writing a complaint to the Bolt Bus HQ about the complete lack of customer service.', 'stars': '1', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': 'I had a good experience with bolt. \xa0The stop in NY had a lot of stuff nearby to grab a snack for the ride. \xa0The seats were ok, outlets were availible along with wifi. \xa0I was in baltimore in a little over 3 hours maybe sooner if not for some rain on the way.They do emphasize that cell phone usage is discouraged when it is loud, which is a good thing. \xa0Baltimore stop is a little hard to get picked up from though, my only concern.', 'stars': '4', 'usefull_likes': '1'}
{'review': "This bus is awesome.I took the DC to NY and back on the Rockefeller Center Xmas tree opening and I couldn't have been more pleased. The fare was like $15 per person, sweet.We got to the stop right as the bus was pulling out, and were expecting to catch the next one, when the driver actually stopped to let us on. He was the coolest guy and incredibly helpful. He got us there in a little over four hours, and made the trip as comfortable as possible. On the way back our driver was cool too. He stopped about half way home and allowed everyone to get dinner as most of us were starving. He even stopped when he saw a Greyhound bus that had broken down and gave all of the passengers on that bus a ride back to the Greyhound station after he had dropped us off at Union Station.All in all it seems like a really solid company with great employees. I'm going to be using this bus a lot more in the months to come.", 'stars': '5', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "BoltBus vs. Megabus - Clash of the TitansBolt pros:Prompt - always leaves on time (Megabus never does)internet more reliableno stupid, annoying safety video not run by Europeansactually saw an American Asian (non FOB) guy working there oncedoesn't dump you in random parking lots in the ghetto doesn't dump you in random parking lots and leave you waiting until a replacement driver shows upBolt cons:the leather seats suckthey take a terrible, terrible, terrible route from NY to DC. (to avoid tolls?) if they took the same route and hauled *** like Megabus, they could easily do NY to DC in 3.5 hrs. wastes time with rest stopsmore expensive than Megabus", 'stars': '3', 'usefull_likes': '1'}
{'review': "After being suckered back in to giving them a chance, I'm back to avoiding Bolt for the near future. \xa0It's just too unreliable. \xa0This morning saw a 20 minute delay, followed by another 15 to change drivers, non-functional power outlets for the second time in a row, and general slowness.Bolt has a good schedule and the buses are clean, but you can't count on it.", 'stars': '2', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "Little SAT flashbackBoltBus is to Fung Wah as TGIF Fridays is to _______________A.) Taco BellB.) Sardi's C.) That Creepy $1 Pizza Stand by the homeless shelter on 40th StreetD.) Your MomAnswer- it's actually a trick question, because TGIF Fridays is actually owned by your Mom.", 'stars': '4', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': 'I have nothing but positive things to say about BoltBus. Their drivers are skilled, and boarding the bus is smooth and orderly. The internet is spotty, but the outlets and comfort of seating are great. They also regularly have the cheapest tickets for the NYC to DC and NYC to Boston tickets.', 'stars': '5', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "Great experience taking the BoltBus from NYC to Boston and then from Boston back to NYC. Love the layout at Boston South Station; A, B and C tickets get to line up in their own lines ... not the same for NYC but it wasn't chaotic for me, not for a 7:00am trip anyways.Seats are comfortable, there's wifi and the bathroom doesn't stink. Also really cheap. From NYC to Boston, both tickets were $17. From Boston to NYC, one was $10 and the other one was $15. Definitely a good find.Also, if you plan on buying A tickets, make sure you sign up for an account in the BoltBus website. Tickets are non-refundable or exchangeable.", 'stars': '4', 'usefull_likes': '2'}
{'review': 'I rode the Bolt Bus my first time to my trip to Boston. Really cheap prices, comfortable, wi-fi, power outlets, on the way there and back we arrived to our destination earlier than scheduled. Bravo! Definitely using Bolt Bus over Gayhound', 'stars': '5', 'usefull_likes': '4'}
{'review': 'WORST CUSTOMER SERVICE EXPERIENCE EVER.I admit, I made the first mistake by booking tix to "Philadelphia Cherry Hill Mall" on the website, believing that fine place would be in Philadelphia, not New Jersey. My bad! My bad. A quick call to customer service reveals that I can change the booking for a $4 fee. So far so good. Then, customer service agent mishears my credit card number MULTIPLE times, has computer problems, reboots mid-call, and finally tells me to call my bank. I give him another card, same problem. \xa0I ask him to transfer me to someone else with a functioning system; no dice. So 30 minutes on, he says he can\'t hold my adjusted reservation and I have to contact BOTH my financial institutions before he will process my change.Twenty-minute battle with bank customer service later (another story), blood pressure rising, I re-call Bolt to inform them that no, no problem with any of my cards, and yes, I want to go through the whole delightful reservation process for a third time. You guessed it: relevant buses now full. Inconvenient buses at inconvenient times available for $17 more. No apology for giant ineptitude on their part which left me stuck with a 5-hour day trip instead of an 8-hour one. More mishearing of confirmation number and credit card numbers. When correctly processed, of course, it goes through instantly. Fail, Bolt bus, fail! And I thought the Megabus was bad. At this rate I\'ll be back to the Chinatown. Handing over your cash on the sidewalk by the bus could save you literally hours.', 'stars': '1', 'usefull_likes': '2'}
{'review': "I like South Station's BoltBus setup. 3 lines A,B,C. Stand-bys stay to your left. Easy and organized. Gets a little crazier in nyc. All the C's crowd around the little BB lady while the A's and B's are trying to get through. Nobody waits for their turn while the person in front is stowing away their luggage. Add rain, hot or cold weather and things turn ugly very quickly.Bus drivers pull over and reset if wifi is slow or plugs aren't working.", 'stars': '4', 'usefull_likes': '2'}
{'review': "I took this bus to Washington DC from New York and it was completely fine. A pleasant surprise was that there was wi-fi on the bus, although, I wasn't having much luck with the wi-fi. \xa0It was clean, on time. \xa0I was actually how surprised how easy it was and without problems. \xa0They seat you depending on whether you have an A, B, or a C listed on your reservation so if you have a C and you want to sit with your friend, there may be a problem...Other than that, I would use Bolt bus again.", 'stars': '3', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': 'Seats are terrible. \xa0Your booty slides inevitably forward in these slippery black seats until your knees hit the seat in front of you and you shins hit the nice metal bar. \xa0So uncomfortable and only 15 minutes in! \xa0Somebody get me off the bus', 'stars': '1', 'usefull_likes': '1'}
{'review': 'This was my first experience with Bolt Bus and it was fantastic--except the middle thing. \xa0The start was buying the ticket--no muss, no fuss, lots of schedule options, really easy to navigate website. \xa0The end result was a comfortable, swift, quiet ride.The middle thing is the Mongolian cluster-ph*k of going to the pickup location at 34th and 8th avenue. \xa0The woman in the Bolt Bus vest needs a megaphone and a willingness to use it. \xa0No one really forms up in lines--there\'s just a mass huddle on a New York sidewalk. \xa0But I cannot blame the riders huddling, because the buses don\'t use their signs to indicate that THIS IS THE 6:15 TO Philadelphia, or THIS IS THE 6:30 to D.C., and the woman in the vest isn\'t helping. \xa0She didn\'t really make an announcement, nor did she really say "Group A for the (whatever time) bus to (wherever)!"However, $10-$13 each way to Philadelphia, the cheapest AND fastest option, a bathroom on the bus, and a quiet group of commuters who make no fuss--I really cannot complain otherwise.', 'stars': '4', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "You get what you pay for?I rode Bolt to Philly for Thanksgiving weekend. \xa0Note to future Thanksgiving travelers: \xa0If you think you're going to cut of time by leaving early Wednesday afternoon, think not. \xa0Traffic was still ridiculous, to the point where it added an extra hour on travel time.And my tushy (spelling?) can't really take a 3 hour bus ride with no stretching stops. \xa0Plus the driver starting mouthing off about how this lady shouldn't have brought her service dog with her on the bus. \xa0I thought it was really rude and quite abilist (that is the humanitarian in me).The ride back to NYC was quite pleasant actually. \xa0I sat next a really nice and cute guy from Boston who I was quite envious of since he brought his macbook with him. \xa0I felt a lil obsolete with only my new blackberry- but that passed the time just as well I think. \xa0Be smart and grab the seats next to the emergency exit windows. \xa0They have WAYYY more leg room and definitely more comfy.", 'stars': '3', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "Megabus forever!! I usually take megabus to DC. It's clean, usually ontime, outlets accessible, you can have a table for your laptop...wifi sucks but you cant have everything. I took boltbus as an experiment...OH HOW I REGRET IT. Listen they had awesome customer service! So they get 2 stars, but take megabus if you can its the SAME PRICE.BOLTBUS MADE A SECOND STOP TO CANAL STREET THAT IS NOWHERE ON THE DAMN WEBSITE, seeing as how I'm am on the bus RIGHT NOW. I have been on the bus \xa02 HRS trying to get from 33rd and 7th to canal. Mind you it's a holiday weekend so I expect delays, but this should never be an option. Even on a day that isnt a holiday. Trying to get this bus down to canal will add at least a half hr to your trip. They are trying to make extra money and don't tell you on the site, many of the passengers on the bus now are not happy, because we were deceived. At least tell your customers. I left at 3, I will probably get there at 9 or 10pm. I might ask to get a refund.One customer is just going to get off at canall street because we've been on the bus over 2 hours and we haven't left the cityl, we aren't even on the highway to the tunnel. This is really ridiculous, how are you going to add another stop and not tell anyone? I added a star because the bus driver is great, he's very informative and just doing his job! He isn't stressing out, and I'm even hearing him suggest that we shouldn't have this stop! I really like him! So thank your bus driver for another star boltbus!! but I will never book you again! Megabus is still better and has never let me down!", 'stars': '2', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "RAVE reviews! It was my first bus ride to NYC and honestly the only thing that couldve been better was if there weren't any other people on the bus! Haha. My bus driver Kevin arrived in DC at 655, & we were schedule to leave at 7:30 am. Everyone was on board by 7 so we were headed out! It was a smooth ride, with free wifi, 2 outlets in each row, & fairly comfy leather seats that recline. I was happy to see that the bus was very clean and free of any odors. My bus ride back to DC was smooth sailing - we even arrived early! I was a little bummed that we didn't stop for any food or bathroom breaks (we stopped for approx 18 min on my way up to NYC), because I was hungry, but that's OK. It was 30 bucks RT, which is an excellent deal. I read the reviews on Yelp before booking my ticket and was a bit worried seats would be sold out, but I was able to purchase my bus tickets the day before! Woohoo. I'll definitely use boltbus again!", 'stars': '4', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "Speaking from experience with traveling from NYC to Boston, I've taken a many different Bus Companies in search of the most bearable. I'm originally from the Boston area, but I've traveled back and forth from NYC this summer because of an internship I'm taking part in.The Bolt Bus was not my usual company for transportation. I used to take the Lucky Star Bus located on Chrystie Street in Chinatown. I mean, who could beat the $15 ticket, and usually they never sold out. It was only a matter of time I would get fed up with the company and look for something new.I actually heard about the Bolt Bus from a fellow intern I was working with, but it was the idea of Wi-Fi on a bus that won me over. So of course, naturally I looked into Bolt Bus on Yelp and read some reviews. Figured I'd give it a try, but with precaution seeing that many have written great reviews, but also horror stories. I figured I'd have to be the judge of this for myself.Pros:- Book far ahead enough you can get tickets for under $15 (I've yet to see them for a dollar though.)- I do enjoy the idea of being able to plug in my electronics, and check my email. (Wifi is really slow though)- Sad to say, but true they speak English, and sometimes that helps with the whole communication thing. - Two out of the three times I've taken them, they've gotten to my destination right on time. (Be aware that it depends on what day you take the bus, and especially around holidays it will be crowded and there will be traffic.)- I enjoy how they try to stick with the priority seating, especially in Boston South Station (They have individual lines to stand in)- Lots of leg room compared to the average bus, and the seats are comfortable to sit in.Cons:- They crank the AC like nobodies business. Bring a jacket! - The WiFi is extremely slow, but it only makes sense if 50 people are all using a single connection.- Their website is a little bit glitchy.- Their seats are nice and leather, but I always have a hard time getting into a good position to sleep in. (Maybe it's just me)All in all, the Bolt Bus is good for those technology dependent people, or business people who need to have access or be able to do business on a bus. If you don't mind the slow internet access, and the sub zero temperatures then you should be fine. Considering my other experiences with other companies, Bolt Bus is one of the better of the bunch.", 'stars': '4', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': 'One way Philly-NYCTook outward on Amtrak to compare...Amtrak not worth the (big) extra IMOReally good, got dropped off near Canal St.Clean, pleasant and full of hipsters (not sure good?!)Wi Fi worked fine', 'stars': '4', 'usefull_likes': '2'}
{'review': '"Extra leg room." \xa0Are you KIDDING me? \xa0I\'m only 5\'10" and my knees were less than an inch away from the seat in front of me. \xa0These seats are crammed just as tight as coach in an airplane."Power outlets available." \xa0What they don\'t tell you is that they don\'t all work."Free wi-fi." \xa0Spotty at best. \xa0Keep your iPhone set to 4G.I took a trip from NYC to DC this past Monday (May 21, 2012) and it was one of the most stressful rides I\'ve ever taken. \xa0Rain was coming down in torrents, yet we were the fastest vehicle on the road, blasting past even speed demon semis. \xa0The ride home was worse -- the driver was NODDING OFF behind the wheel. \xa0In the middle of the afternoon! \xa0I realize I paid only $32 round-trip for this Ride From Hell, but next time, just for the safety and peace of mind, I\'ll gladly pay the $150 for an Amtrak shuttle.', 'stars': '1', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "I took a Boltbus fro NYC to Baltimore and then back this past weekend. \xa0Overall, the buses were clean, there was some more room than most buses and the bathroom was nice. \xa0These were big buses too. \xa0Overall, though, I think I might just drive from now on, considering a few things.1) Time. \xa0The website says three hours, sure, I know, going from NYC to anywhere and back hardly takes three hours or less, but four and a half hours? \xa0The return trip was closer to five, and the guy showed up ten minutes late. \xa0On the way from NYC to Baltimore, we stopped for ten minutes, probably so the guy could hit the bathroom or people could get a smoke break. \xa0Which I get, and have no problem with. \xa0But realistically, it shouldn't take more than three and a half hours to go between NYC and Baltimore.The return trip was the trip from hell. \xa0I don't know what this guy was thinking, but he was taking detours through all parts of Jersey. \xa0Worst possible ones too. \xa0Traffic was very bad on the Hollland, less so on the Lincoln, I can blame that, it was a Sunday, so yeah.Overall, you can't beat it for the price. \xa0My total price was $34, $18 on Friday and $16 on Sunday. \xa0Hard to get a better price than that.", 'stars': '3', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "Alright, I'll say it. You're not bad, BoltBus. I particularly liked one of your bus drivers, Roe (?). A funny guy that definitely made our trip more enjoyable. This last trip I had to kick myself because for some reason I decided not to take advantage of the outlets and wi-fi thinking it would be a ridiculous burden carrying around my laptop. Boredom ensued.The only cons to this bus, or rather taking buses in general, are the people who talk on the phone the whole time who seem unable to moderate the volume of their voice. Oh, and those people who decide to carry on conversations in annoyingly bad, British accents, who get bored with that accent and move on to an even worse southern accent. Sure they realized how bad they sounded and went back to the British accent, but then they decided to read People magazine out loud. P.S. I like the new seats.", 'stars': '4', 'usefull_likes': '1'}
{'review': "Of the long-distance buses you can take to and from NYC, this is probably the best one. The buses are clean, the seats are large and comfy, and there is free wifi that actually works! Plus they have electronic tickets that are sent via text message and you can just show that to the driver! It's quite convenient and comparably priced to Megabus, Peter Pan, and Greyhound.", 'stars': '3', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': 'I wish I were able to book the $1.00 fare from NY to DC because that is how much this trip was worth! I arrived at the pick up location across from MSG almost 45 minutes before my bus was scheduled to arrive. There were a few people with suitcases forming a line and many others arriving. The first bus arrived with two buses arriving a few minutes later. Confusing for some arriving late was that only the first driver got off the bus to announce where he was going. So those arriving to the bus stop afterwards did not see the other two buses and kept asking which bus they were supposed to take! Once the first bus left the second and third drivers pulled their buses up and even after the passengers were on the drivers were shopping at the local snack shop. The second driver left and the driver for the DC bus spent an additional 10 minutes chatting with a friend. This is not high school reunion why are we not on the road?! The driver finally decided to drive us to DC and would occasionally takes his eyes off the road to use his phone. He slowed his speed but I would have preferred if he had listened to his music at the rest stop but he could not because he was too busy buying sunglasses. He told us to be back at the bus at a certain time but kept the passengers waiting again and we had to wait for him to return to the bus and open the doors as we froze outside the Delaware rest stop! \xa0I sat near the door on the trip and cold air hit me for the first half of the ride. Finally get to Union Station 5 hours later! Yes, FIVE! The bus is a great way to save serious money but in this case time really is money.', 'stars': '3', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "meh.This outfit is not good. They run late, and then they don't bother checking in by group, just a mad crush to get on. DC2NY is a much more efficiently run and friendlier business.", 'stars': '2', 'usefull_likes': '3'}
{'review': 'When I first started college in Boston, the only cheap bus options were FungWah and Lucky Star. If you haven\'t been screwed over by at least one of those, then you probably don\'t know what bad bus service is. I was super happy when BoltBus came into the scene -- their buses had spacious leather seats, wi-fi, and even outlets (I know that\'s the norm now but this was honestly considered luxurious a couple of years ago). I remember that the first time I rode the bus from Boston to New York, they handed me a pack of mints. I looked at the package and it said, "A Fresh New Take on Bus Travel" -- I\'ve been a fan ever since!', 'stars': '4', 'usefull_likes': '3'}
{'review': 'WTF is the person below who is "not a bus person" talking about?"People all around me were pulling gross things from their bags... Quiznos, Chipotle... someone even had a take-out greasy cheese burger to gnaw on. The whole bus stank. It was my worst nightmare."Sorry I forgot to grab a Nobu bento box on my way to 33th/8th after work.I am writing the review of Bolt Bus on a freaking bus in the middle of nowhere Connecticut. \xa0Usually I stock up on newspapers/books for this long haul. \xa0Am I in the future right now?', 'stars': '4', 'usefull_likes': '3'}
{'review': "Any bus review immediately starts at a maximum of four stars. \xa0It's a four plus hour BUS ride from NYC to DC, how can that possibly be a five star experience?That being said, because the prices for Greyhound and BoltBus were about the same, and BoltBus dropped me off right nearby my friend's office, I decided to check it out.The bus on the way down was in absolutely no way different from a Greyhound bus. \xa0Cloth seats, the plugs were only on the seats adjacent to the aisles, cramped, whatever. \xa0And we took a 10 minute stop halfway through (not completely necessary for a four hour ride) which contributed to us being late to DC. \xa0So far, not so good.The ride back was a little better. \xa0We had one of the actual boltbus buses with the leather seating and plugs in the middle of each seat. \xa0And they had a much better run operation in D.C. in terms of getting people on the bus and all that. \xa0Basically, it's a bus that got me from point a to point b in pretty much the time they told me it would take. \xa0But from what I've seen, there's nothing about BoltBus that makes me feel like i'd have to spend more money to use them over Greyhound.", 'stars': '3', 'usefull_likes': '2'}
{'review': '- I was once on a BoltBus that got stopped by cops in CT for THREE violations (speeding, driver not knowing that he wasn\'t allowed to be in the left lane, and something else)- Driver once took the wrong exit when approaching Boston and passengers had to guide him, because he had NO clue how to get to South Station or back onto the highway- Wireless barely works and is unsafe; don\'t let this "luxury" convince you to go on BoltBus- The buses are in crappier and crappier condition every time; my last trip involved constant beeping for 4.5h between NYC and Boston, because the microphone / speakers on the bus were broken. I seriously wanted to hurt myself after as little as 20min. The driver wasn\'t even pretending to feel bad about the crappy bus.So BoltBus is no better than Chinatown buses, honestly. It may be worth it if you\'re buying tix far in advance and get the $1 or $2 fare, but other than that, BoltBus is WAY overrated.', 'stars': '2', 'usefull_likes': '2'}
{'review': "This is my preferred mode of transportation to NYC at the moment. \xa0No need to worry about driving, gas, toll or paying extra for a plane/train ticket. \xa0The seats are more comfortable than most plane/train seats. \xa0Plus, the whole bus is clean, bathroom included (per my niece).The only con is that it'll take about 4 hours to arrive to NYC, but that's okay. \xa0There's wifi, although slow, available to pass time. \xa0Or just take a nice long nap. \xa0Bring a light sweater/cardigan and a neck pillow for more comfort. \xa0The best part of taking Bolt Bus? \xa0Roundtrip fare booked a month in advance set me back $17! \xa0Would I book another trip? \xa0Most definitely.***************************************************************************DC pick-up/drop-off point: \xa0Metro Center metro stop at 11th and G.NYC pick-up/drop-off point: \xa033rd and 7th in front of the Sbarro's across the street from Penn Station.", 'stars': '4', 'usefull_likes': '6'}
{'review': "I use bolt bus every other weekend from New York to Baltimore, MD. Yay for long distance love. Anyway, the service is really good. Much more reliable and timely than that other one (*cough, MEGABUS, cough*). What I like about Boltbus is that if you sign up on their website, you get a free ticket for every 8 purchases (4 round trips or 8 one ways). This is great if like me, you travel often. The prices are very reasonable and website easy to use. They also have more leg room and better wifi than other bus services i've tried.", 'stars': '4', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': 'At first, taking Bolt Bus made me feel like a traitor to the Asian race. \xa0On my way to Boston last week, I sat behind a girl who was telling this guy how much she liked Bolt Bus instead of Fung Wah because she doesn\'t have to go to Chinatown (it "smells like old fruit" and is "a mess," she says) and, oh yes, the people who work at Bolt all speak English.HOLY SHIT. \xa0I am on the bus for people who hate Chinese people. \xa0Quick! \xa0Hide! \xa0Ack, they spotted me! \xa0I don\'t have SARS, okay? \xa0Go away, ching chang chong, are you happy now? \xa0Leave me alone!Then I met quite a few other patrons who were not taking Bolt in order to avoid Chinese people, but rather they, like me, enjoy free wifi and the exciting possibility of maybe someday getting a bus ticket for $1. \xa0I don\'t care if it\'s a gimmick. \xa0It\'s fun to dream.', 'stars': '4', 'usefull_likes': '5'}
{'review': "When travelling anywhere (with the notable exception of across town), bus is usually my last resort. \xa0However times being what they are, I will definitely consider Bolt Bus for future local travel. \xa0We made our way up to Boston for a little Halloween weekend and managed to only spend $74 for two round trip fares. \xa0The ride was as comfortable as a bus ride gets. \xa0We came close on average to the projected travel time. \xa0With laptop in tow, we plugged into the outlet and caught up on Season 2 of '30 Rock' via Netflix (thanks to the wifi) which more than helped the time pass more pleasantly. \xa0The bathroom was a somewhat cleaner, more appealling version of a Bus Bathroom (enjoy that relative image). \xa0The wifi was spotty at times but, for Pete's sake, we were on a bus. \xa0The route taken into and out of the city seemed to take more time than it was worth. \xa0But, who am I to say?Need to get to Boston on the cheap? \xa0Give Bolt Bus a try.", 'stars': '4', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': 'I just came back from spending the past five days in D.C. for the inauguration, and I have to say this had to be one of the smoothest rides I\'ve had... The pickup and drop off points were extremely convenient to public transportation. (In fact, on the return trip, the bus driver purposely dropped us off on 8th Avenue closer to the entrance to Penn Station instead of looping around to 33rd & 7th Avenue where we would have had to cross the street with our luggage.)The staff is friendly and the bus itself is very clean. Wi-Fi and power outlets are a huge plus for power laptop users."You get what you pay for" is the saying, right? Well, with BoltBus, this is a true bargain. For the very first time -- a bus company that exceeded expectations!', 'stars': '5', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': 'There are other options such as mega bus that is just as cheap, offer WIFI, and have frequent services to the same destination as Bolt Bus. I recommend using those companies instead. Bolt Bus has the absolute worst customer service.', 'stars': '2', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': 'Bye bye, New York. B\'s going on vacay!Good: Purchasing a $15 ticket for 8 a.m. to Boston.Bad: Realizing it\'s for 8 a.m. Oversleeping. In Brooklyn.Good: Packing the night before so that when you oversleep you\'ll still be on time. Gooder: The weather cooperating (since you stand outside).Best: They ignore the "zone" loading. Who cares if you\'re A, B, C, or D? Bestest: It\'s 8 a.m. You get two seats to yourself.Bad: The need to pee.Badder: Getting to the bathroom.Worse: Using the bathroom.Good: Knowing the meaning of a QUICK rest stop.Gooder: The electrical outlet has saved your phone from dying. Four hours of entertainment and catnaps. Best: Arriving in Boston ON TIME. Bye bye, Boston. B\'s returning to work. :\'\'\'\'\'(Good: You get to wait in South Station. You know, in case it\'s raining. Which it always is in Boston.Bad: You get there at 5:30 for a 6 p.m. bus and the 5:30 bus hasn\'t left yet. Get it together.Badder: They actually DO pay attention to the "zones." Ugh, please. And how did so many people get these golden "A" tickets while I got stuck with "B"?! I love you, Boston, but you\'re killing me.Worse: Stuck in the back. In front of the bathrooms. With a girl beside me who types on her laptop the entire time and hogs the arm rests.Worst: How many times can this girl look at the same photos on Facebook? Come. On. Also, why are you FB chatting with so many people? Maybe I\'m just jealous. In four hours, no one has even texted me. BUT STILL. Her spaghetti straps keep falling down and hitting me. Can we fix this problem? Maybe go shopping and buy clothes that fit/stay up? Good: Electrical outlet saving my life once again. Goodbye, annoying seat partner.Gooder: No rest stop. Ahoy, express!Best: Arriving in New York BEFORE your scheduled time. That never happens.', 'stars': '4', 'usefull_likes': '5'}
{'review': '3.5I enjoy the ride. The lady who works the street on 33rd was kind of rude to everyone. We were all waiting for a full bus, and I along w/ a few other people had been waiting for much longer then the stragglers that showed up 5 mins before departure.The Bolt employee basically just let the load in process become a free for all, and when we suggested they maybe use their "boarding codes" she just made up some lame excuse. Then continued to yell at everyone for being so rude and blocking the whole sidewalk.It\'s cheap, and comfortable and if the wifi/plugs work you should have no issue.', 'stars': '4', 'usefull_likes': '2'}
{'review': 'For about $20 (likely less!), you can move from one major city to another.We took 2 rides by bolt; from DC to Manhattan, and Manhattan to Boston. \xa0Both were pleasant experiences. \xa0The seats recline; the bus is well-ventilated; you have outlets to plug your electronics in, free-wifi, and a fairly spacious seat. \xa0Also, the bathrooms were amazingly clean! (I wish I hadn\'t "held it" on my first ride with Bolt). \xa0I can\'t say I enjoyed the driving to Boston, as our driver had a heavy foot, but of course every driver is different. \xa0Overall, great experience and I\'d most definitely use Bolt again.', 'stars': '5', 'usefull_likes': '1'}
{'review': 'Worst. travel experience. ever. I realize most negative reviews on Yelp are marked by hyperbole, but really, the service is horrible -- and at the very least outlandishly overrated. Characterized as "roomy" and "comfortable" and "fast" and "with great customer service," I found BoltBus entirely the opposite. Crammed, shambolic in organization and operation, and utterly unpleasant, I will never ride BoltBus again. Where to begin? \xa0I think first by debunking the outrageous idea that there\'s "ample leg room." There was just as much as any bus I\'ve ever been on -- and MUCH less than on the regional Amtrak trains\' economy sections. (I wouldn\'t even imagine comparing it to the Acela or business class on the regional trains). In a seated position, my knees are jammed into the seat in front of me (the back of which seems significantly softer and more comfortable than the front of the seat on which you sit - more on that later) and my ankles are pressed against the bottom of the seat. \xa0\'Roomy\' compared to what? An airplane toilet? An appliance closet? (While we\'re on the subject of what the back of the seats lack: how about pockets/nets -- like every other bus/plane/train? There\'s literally nothing to stow your loose articles in. Which is all the better when your lap is taken up with your laptop and there\'s not the slightest bit of space between the seats. I\'ll be amazed if I walk off the bus with my wallet, keys, and cellphone). Oh how about the "free WiFi?" Important acknowledgement: I\'m using it right now to compose this review. Fantastic, free WiFi! But what\'s the point of free WiFi when there aren\'t tray-tables on the seats ahead of you on which to rest your laptop? \xa0Or when the seats are so cramped -- and the arm rests so hard and encroaching -- that your forearms are literally aching in pain after even 5 minutes of typing?* Or when some rows (fortunately not mine) don\'t even have outlets? (A gentleman in a row in front and across from me was scrambling to find a new seat after discovering that his row didn\'t have plugs). (Oh and how could I omit mention of the WiFi speed? \xa0Obviously a function of how many people are using it at the same time, I was nonetheless averaging between 40 and 66 Kbps/sec using reviews.cnet.com/interne. \xa0Yes, that\'s double digit Kbps -- slower than most late 90\'s dial-up connections. \xa0Slower than most 2G cellphone connections. And maybe a dozen people actually had their tablets/laptops/devices out to even use the WiFi...). I had imagined I\'d use the 4 hours and fifteen minutes** -- yes, that\'s an hour longer than Amtrak (actually ended up taking 5) -- to get some work done. Unless your work involves inactively gazing at a screen, with your hands on your lap, don\'t bother -- I\'m certainly not going to be able to get any of MY work done. Then there\'s the claptrap about BoltBus\'s efficient and reliable operations. \xa0Wow, where even to begin? \xa0They admonish you to get there at least 15 minutes ahead of time. I got there 25 minutes ahead of time just to be safe -- and in time to see the 5pm bus leaving 13 minutes late (I literally panicked when it departed at 5:13, thinking it was MY bus. No, that was the 5pm bus. My own didn\'t arrive until 5:22 (so much for the 15 minutes ahead of time). \xa0And though the passengers were quick to board, the bus still departed behind schedule at 5:36. This might seem like a trivial difference. But I\'m comparing it to Amtrak, on which I\'ve never experienced a delayed departure. And it\'s also in light of all the glowing talk of BoltBus\'s speed and efficiency and punctuality.And the ride? Well the seats, despite ostensible comfort (they\'re leather-ish and seem padded) are harder than seats on the DC metro. And if you\'re over 5\'10" (and have arms of average length for your height) you\'re going to feel cramped and uncomfortable with the thin, rock-hard arm-rests on either side of your seat. Oh, and what to say about \'roominess?\' \xa0Well the woman next to me is literally three inches away, able to read everything on my screen (BoltBus is a FANTASTIC! method of transportation if you plan to use the WiFi to do even modestly private/sensitive work!). \xa0Every time she moves, even the slightest bit, she crosses over the (2.5 inch wide) arm rest that separates our seats, invading my area. It\'s tighter than even the most jam packed airline. And with immeasurably less comfortable seats. I\'d be remiss if I didn\'t at least briefly touch upon customer service. While I can\'t say anything negative about the driver, the \'gate agents\' (or whatever you\'d call them) at the station were rude, slow, and more interested in chatting with each other than in doing anything proactive. When I meekly asked where the line for boarding group C was (this was my first time using BoltBus), I was barked at. In all, I\'d recommend virtually any alternative means of transportation. *I\'ve lifted my arms at least a dozen times in pain while writing this revi', 'stars': '1', 'usefull_likes': '3'}
{'review': "Bolt it, baby.With the various bus services popping up in NYC this summer, Bolt has won my heart, soul and wallet.Everyone knows about Chinatown bus (and has probably heard as many horror stories as I have), and last summer I was a loyal follower of P2P as I made weekly trips to visit my boyfriend in Philly (a service which seems to have disappeared this summer...oh, well). Now, it seems like everyone and their mother - seriously - is hopping onto BoltBus' awesome, cheap service.Operated through Greyhound (And cheaper than their own buses?), these guys are new, beautiful buses with comfy seats, air conditioning (though sometimes TOO much), nice bathroom, free Wifi AND electrical outlets at every seat! You can surf the net and charge your laptop at the same time. I've only used them going to and from Philadelphia, and while it does occasionally take more than the two hours it says it will to arrive, in its defense, we are talking about leaving/entering two major metropolitan areas - not to mention even ATTEMPTING to direct a large vehicle through the Lincoln Tunnel - and most of the time you will encounter some form of traffic. The drivers do seem to communicate traffic conditions as they go back and forth, and that affects the bus' route so they avoid heavily congested areas.Also, two things I really like that I wish Megabus also had are Bolt's Rider Rewards and the group letter boarding system. You can make a free account on their website and after every 8 rides you get a complimentary 9th ride free, in any direction. Ticket prices max out at $15 as a walk-on, but usually the most is $13 online. Plus, the earlier you buy your ticket, the earlier you get to board the bus since Bolt gives each ticket a group letter and allows riders to board in order - which makes for (in my opinion) a very fair way to organize what is usually a mad push to get on the bus. My only complaint? Bolt doesn't run as late as other bus services, and I don't want to cut my weekend short just to get home for work the next morning. It is the summer, after all.", 'stars': '5', 'usefull_likes': '2'}
{'review': 'I travel between NYC and Boston occasionally... \xa0I have spent a ridiculous amount of money traveling on Greyhound/ Peter Pan and Amtrak one way and the walk from Penn Station to the Port Authority sucks when you have a few bags!! \xa0 Then a friend suggested trying Bolt.. and let me tell you, I will never travel to Boston any other way!! The buses are new, S P A C I O U S, outlets so you can charge a phone or plug in your computer, ipod... and the BEST of all!???Internet! \xa0Prices usually start anywhere from $15...as it gets filled up, the highest price is $20 (which is super cheap!!!) \xa0 sometimes they have deals where you can travel for $1. \xa0The pick up is also half a block away from Penn Station! \xa0Staff has always been very friendly and always gets us to our destination safely. \xa0They offer service to NY, Boston, Philly and DC. \xa0If you become a Bolt Bus Member, for every 3 round trips you take, you get one round trip ticket free!Great Job Bolt!! You have made traveling so convenient!', 'stars': '5', 'usefull_likes': '3'}
{'review': "I have taken BOLT buses several times from Boston to New York. What I Like: 1) we can book tickets online2) free wifi3) Reasonably clean bus and bathroom4) Convenient drop off location at NYC near Penn station So i would have given 4 stars for all this. The reason I am giving this bus service a 5 stars is \xa0their excellent service. After my bus reached New York, I forgot to pick up my bag from the trunk and started walking, I realized much latter that i forgot my luggage in the bus!! After 2 and half months I got a call from Bolt Bus' Lost and found department saying they had found my bag and I was extremely happy about getting my bag back with everything intact. Really pleased with Bolt Buses. I would recommend this bus service!!", 'stars': '5', 'usefull_likes': '2'}
{'review': 'I rode with my 7lbs dog in his bag 4 times. \xa0the 5th time- for whatever reason- they wouldnt let me on the bus and were total assholes about it. I cant stand inconsistencies. \xa0that plus the added disorganization when boarding, late buses and sketchy drivers has made me steer clear of BOLT. \xa0You should too.', 'stars': '1', 'usefull_likes': '3'}
{'review': 'This is half a review for a trip I already took and half for a future trip...sounds crazy I know but bear with me.First trip was to Boston, 18 dollars each way. Not bad, Bus pulled up on time, driver was friendly, and it arrived on time. Wi-fi was a little spotty but overall great. Outlets only seem to be every other seat, so if that matters to you, choose wisely.The return trip was in awful snow, I mean only one lane open on the highway through most of Mass and Conn. And they delivered me back in NYC only an hour late and all in one piece....Overall a great trip.4 stars.So I go to book another Bolt Bus trip, this time to Philly. I manage to get a $1 fare, and a $10 return trip....Ok $11 dollars round trip to Philly...unless the trip is vastly different than the one to Boston we are talking a five star experience here....Average 4.5 stars and my new preferred way to travel.', 'stars': '4', 'usefull_likes': '1'}
{'review': "WOW. Very impressive - esp when you're used to Fung Wah or Lucky Star! Free wifi and a friendly driver! It does take a little longer than the Chinatown buses. Book in advance to get cheaper tix. Bring your laptop - they have power plugs. This is my 1st choice for the NY-Boston commute to see my bf.", 'stars': '5', 'usefull_likes': '2'}
{'review': "On Boltbus now en route to Boston. The driver rear ended a car as we were leaving the city. He went on and off the bus half a dozen times over the course of about 20 minutes. Not once did he tell us what was happening or how long it would take. Finally, one of the passengers got off the bus to find out and then reported back to us. Then in CT we made an unscheduled Arby's stop. We're an hour behind schedule on a four hour trip. Oh, the outlets and the wifi don't work, either.", 'stars': '2', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "My left shoulder is freezing and my right side smells like beef jerky. Where am I? Bolt Bus.Overall, NYC - DC roundtrip was a success. I would recommend Bolt over other bus companies (Fung What Do You Mean the Bus is Full?, MegaBullshit, and DC2NYCin4ever). Bus trips are definitely based on luck, but with Bolt you have the best chance of actually getting lucky (good driver, fair price, normal seat buddy, on-time, wi-fi, spacious seats, outlets).Tips:-Book as soon as you can-Bring a jacket for the bus, especially for the window seat-Also bring mints to share with your smelly seat buddy-Most outlets are on the aisle seat, but charge in advance because heavy Mac chargers fall out easily-First row doesn't have outlets-Listen, don't use the bathroom...I mean it, ladies-Arrive at least 30 min. early if you are group C, there aren't any assigned seats-Small carry on airplane sized suitcases need to be put under the bus, but backpacks can fit overhead", 'stars': '4', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': 'I\'m not a bus person, so take this with a grain of salt. If you\'re not a bus person, read on. I never take a bus on long trips. I hate being close to strangers and packed in like a sardine. I usually take the train to Boston, but since the train is so pricey these days and let\'s face it, \'in this economy\' \xa0I\'m looking for cheaper alternatives and I had heard good things about this Bolt Bus.The wifi lured me. How bad could it be? I have, like, \xa0a full season of Gossip Girl to catch up on. Umm no. This bus was PACKED. The seats are SMALL. The driver was nodding OFF (I\'m not kidding, I had a mini-freak out and asked the girl next to me if I should intervene, she said no.Umm ok), \xa0The wifi SUCKS. People all around me were pulling gross things from their bags... Quiznos, Chipotle... someone even had a take-out greasy cheese burger to gnaw on. The whole bus stank. It was my worst nightmare.For some reason I thought this bus was for the "professional" set. Why did I think that!? Negative. It\'s a notch above Fung Wa and that could be stretching it. Mostly untrained youngins aged 18-25 and tourists. I\'m dreading my trip back. \xa0Kill. Me. Now.', 'stars': '2', 'usefull_likes': '1'}
{'review': 'OK PEOPLE. \xa0In my experience, Bolt Bus is the way to go! \xa0I\'ve taken all kinds of different buses to get to various destinations. \xa0Bolt has never disappointed me (*knocking on wood*). \xa0They pretty much always leave AND arrive on time, which is pretty effing amazing if you really think about it. \xa0I went to visit my grandma once via Bolt Bus in Cherry Hill, NJ and it arrived within 2 minutes of the schedule itinerary and caused my grandma to also become a Bolt fan. \xa0Bolt bus drivers are always full of personality, which is definitely appreciated. \xa0One bus driver gave us an introductory speech that included these phrases:"Feel free to look out the window and daydream.""I once kicked my own mother off this bus for talking on her cell phone too loudly.""Who thinks we should leave these guys at the rest stop?" - referring to 2 stragglers who obviously weren\'t listening to his detailed rest stop instructions. \xa0Since I was safely back on the bus, I voted "leave the fools!" but some kind hearted souls in the front convinced him to stay for another 5 minutes.Another cool thing (if I \xa0owned a laptop) would be that Bolt always comes with free WiFi and has outlets in the backs of the seats.The only downer is that since Bolt is so popular, the tickets usually sell out during peak hours and the bus is always a full house so you could end up next to someone large, smelly, or both.', 'stars': '5', 'usefull_likes': '1'}
{'review': "This review is to forewarn and to help anyone in a similar situation to what I found myself in.I bought a group of tickets at one time for my weekly commute. The website is fairly straightforward--once you understand that you can put items into your cart. I went through with my purchases with a calendar open and saved my receipts but didn't take the time to check the dates purchased. CAREFUL! I checked the time and date the day of travel and found my purchase was for days and times that I would never have traveled on as I was working those days and times. I was almost positive it wasn't my user error, but I was slightly unsure until yesterday when I ran into TWO separate riders in line for the bus who had the same experience. Bolt issued a refund but acts like this is a user problem. I strongly doubt that. I was also told, by a bus driver, that they don't have anyone who mans their phones after a certain time of night. The driver told a fellow passenger and myself that they don't like the fact that the drivers themselves don't have anyone to call if they break down. (or to handle issues when the bus doesn't show up, which has happened to me as well).That said the bus is much more comfortable than the China town bus's and arrives at a more convenient location than Megabus. And I generally really like the personalities of the drivers.", 'stars': '2', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "It sucks having to wait in the rain on a crowded midtown sidewalk for a bus that's two hours late. \xa0The delay wasn't really Bolt's fault and waiting on the sidewalk is the price you pay for taking a cheap ass bus. \xa0All of this can be excused. \xa0However, there are NO TELEPHONE NUMBERS for bolt bus anywhere in the universe. \xa0So if you're outside waiting for a bus for, say, two hours in the rain, there is nobody you can talk to to find out what the hell is going on. \xa0This blows.", 'stars': '1', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "Apex, New Century, and Fuh Wah...Ha Ha Ha!!!I have so many horror stories to tell,All my experiences have been HELL!The fares may be dirt cheap,But the Third World conditions gave me the creeps.In 90 degrees of summer heat, I felt like a prisoner.The driver refused to turn on the air conditioner!Chinatown buses...I revolt!I am now a loyal customer of Bolt.I could have taken Amtrak or the ubiquitous Greyhound,But I prefer to ride this bus when I'm Philly or DC bound.The experience does make bus travel feel young and hip,It's comfortable, roomy, and Wi-Fi equipped.", 'stars': '4', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "NEVER again. Customer service is rude at best, seats are terrible, you keep slipping and cannot sit up straight. Bus was 20 minutes late leaving NYC then 40 then TWO HOURS. If I didn't need to get to Baltimore penn station I would have booked Megabus. This bus service is horrible.", 'stars': '1', 'usefull_likes': '5'}
{'review': '3rd review update!I travel to both Boston and DC from NY a BUNCH, so I\'m becoming an expert on the Bolt.Bolt Bus seems to be heavily leaning towards NONSTOP trips. So bring some food with you. Even if the trip gets delayed with traffic, there\'s still no pit-stop. Maybe it\'s because they know they drive a little slower...so this is how they keep up with those speedy Chinatown buses, with NO BREAKS. NO BREAKS = NO GOOD in my book! We need a minute or two to stretch our legs!Wi-Fi is incredibly SPACEY. Sometimes it works fine, sometimes you gotta wait till less people are on the network to even get a website up. I\'ve also heard that the Wi-Fi works better for PCs than for Macs. You\'ll never bolt for a buck. Even looking 3 months in advance, the lowest fairs are $10. I don\'t blame them with the shitty economy \'n all, but they might want to change their slogan, "Bolt for a Buck." Having taken Bolt since they started last March, I\'ve never seen a $1 fare.', 'stars': '3', 'usefull_likes': '2'}
{'review': 'I\'m going to have to agree with Marie S. and say that, during the few Bolt Bus rides I\'ve taken, the Internet has either been incredibly slow or never even worked at all. It\'s fine, except for the fact that they advertise "WiFi" on their site. I was left on a recent trip unable to complete the work that my colleagues were counting on. On the other hand, it is pretty economical, and more or less clean. It\'s a pleasant service as long as there\'s no traffic.', 'stars': '3', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "Writing this as we are sitting by the side of the road on a dead bus. First bus was 30 minutes late then circled the station in Philadelphia for 30 minutes. When I called Bolt Bus to see what they plan to do about our dead bus (the driver doesn't know) the operator was extremely rude and hung up on me. The buses are old and the service is terrible. DON'T USE BOLT BUS. I never will again. They are saying the 'next bus' will pick us up. It just drove by and all the other buses are sold out. Their operator HUNG UP ON ME so who knows how long this will be...", 'stars': '4', 'usefull_likes': '1'}
{'review': "YES! Finally a bus experience that doesn't fill me with dread! I actually booked a trip to Philly on Bolt Bus based on my fellow Yelpers reviews. (So thank you all!) Firstly, I don't know how they made boarding a bus a smooth experience, but they did. The staff both in NY and Philly were SO friendly and really seemed helpful (I saw them answering people's questions, tho I had none. And one girl even missed her bus and they told her how to handle it. And they did it nicely!)Secondly, there actually IS more legroom. Seriously. And outlets! (As long as you scope out a seat with an outlet). AND wi-fi. I'm serious here, people, I watched TV on hulu ON the bus. If that doesn't prove we're living in the future, I dunno what does. Of COURSE it goes in and out...you're on a freaking bus! But bear with it, and it does work. AND what other bus gives you that?? What other mode of transportation?? COME ON! (Okay, I'm a little crazy but I heart the Bolt Bus!)Lastly, it was really clean. Really nice. So, I pretty much feel like: great staff + INTERNET ACCESS + clean = best bus experience ever. Also, 2 round trip tickets to Philly were $40. You can't beat it.", 'stars': '2', 'usefull_likes': '1'}
{'review': 'Terrible boarding process in New York. Avoid it like the plague.', 'stars': '1', 'usefull_likes': '8'}
{'review': "Mode of transportation of choice for travels between Boston and New York. Only when it's all booked will I go crying back to LuckyStar. wah wahh.. they should add more buses. It's true. The obvious selling-point is wifi and outlets. Makes the 4+hr commute more pleasant and entertaining. Don't hate.", 'stars': '5', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "I routinely take Bolt from NYC to either DC or Philly. It's...ok. I would recommend taking it out of Port Authority if possible. It's a lot more organized (and inside!) than taking it from the street corners near Penn Station. Always seems to be running late (with Friday after work being the worst) but at least the outlets generally work. Whether or not the outlet is on the window or aisle varies from bus to bus, so it's definitely best to check.", 'stars': '1', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "Bolt Bus wins! Two round trip tickets from NYC to Philly for $26. Total. The buses are clean, have wi-fi, electrical outlets, and a bathroom which is surprisingly not scary. I was amused by the douche who, on the way to Philly, went to the bus driver to tell her that his electrical outlet wasn't working. Did he think she was going to pull the bus over and help him??I'd definitely take the Bolt again, it's a great deal and a comfortable ride.", 'stars': '5', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': 'Froze while waiting a half hour in the cold for \xa0the 10:50a BB from Cherry Hill Mall to NYC on 1/5/11. Called the info line and was put on hold for ten minutes while someone "checked the schedule" but never got back on the line. \xa0I had called the night \xa0before, prior to booking to make sure the bus would leave on schedule and not be cancelled and was assured there would be a bus. When the driver arrived at 11:20am, the bus was already nearly full. Apparently this was the 11:30 bus from 30th street that had left early. My guess is the 10:30 bus from 30th st. was supposed to pick us up but was already full so just skipped Cherry Hill. Once we got going, the ride was smooth and prompt, good driver. Wi-fi was out. If I ever take the bus again, it will likely be from 30th Street, not Cherry Hill...but that\'s a big if.', 'stars': '3', 'usefull_likes': '2'}
{'review': "I go from NY to Philadelphia a few times a year to visit friends. This past weekend was one of those times. The last time I took Bolt Bus was in February, 2010, and it was amazing and super reliable. But, this time was not as great. Going down and coming back, the bus got off the Turnpike and went on back roads through central Jersey. Now I'm not sure if it's traffic, construction, or avoiding tolls, but it added 30 minutes to the trip and we arrived late both times. Also, on the way back from Philly, the bus was a good 10 minutes late arriving, so we had to stand in the hot sun, all hungover, waiting for the bus to arrive. Then they had to load us all in, so the bus left 15-20 minutes late. The outlets on the bus didn't work so my boyfriend couldn't charge his smartphone. I definitely think there's been a decline in the Bolt Bus experience recently, and they better step it up if they want to maintain their good reputation and loyal customer base.", 'stars': '4', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "I'm a regular user of Bolt for the past four years, a couple of times a week. Things have slid downhill quite noticeably in the last year: fewer buses, no early morning departures anymore, worse departure and arrival on-time record -- NY-Balt has NEVER arrived on time in the past year, not even close. The buses with black pleather seats are inexcusably uncomfortable: seats are too small, cramped and angled so that you keep sliding forward. \xa0Some drivers are absolutely great, others are combative, rude and lazy, taking unreasonably long breaks even after late pickups. \xa0The fat Jamaican woman driver is especially unpleasant. Buses generally stink from uncleaned bathrooms, and more and more overhead reading lights and electric sockets don't work. \xa0Bolt started out great, but is no longer a good deal. \xa0Explore other options.", 'stars': '2', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': 'Wi-fi, 110V power outlets at seats, on-time departures and arrivals, great fares makes me a believer.', 'stars': '3', 'usefull_likes': '3'}
{'review': "Wow I never thought innovation in public transportation could happen in America but lo and behold Bolt Bus comes out of nowhere. After P2P Circular, the Chinatown bus I usually take to Philly stopped service, I was hesitant to take any of the other Chinatown buses, especially the dingy ones on east Broadway. I was like hell no. No way was I going to endure a 5hr trip with NJ Transit and Septa just to go home and visit my parents. So i read about Bolt and how they're a new bus company offering $1 dollar fares(if you book early with an uncrowded bus) and free Wifi. I was a bit skeptical and held off trying them out. My parents kept nagging me to go home and visit. I finally gave in and decided to give Bolt bus a try. I booked a few days in advance and was able to secure a 20 dollar round-trip fare. I was surprised how roomy and clean the bus was when I arrived, not to mention they have ac outlets for you plug in your laptop. The wifi is pretty good. I get full bars on my Macbook Pro. It's not the fastest but fast enough. \xa0I'm writing this review on the bus as a matter of fact. \xa0Our bus driver was very friendly and has a good sense of humor. \xa0He gives updates on the road to let us know if we may run into any traffic. The driver is not afraid take alternate routes when the turnpike is backed up. So far so good.So I'm very impressed. Bolt Bus blows all the other bus companies out of the water. This is the way public transportation should be: comfortable, spacious, clean, free wifi, and friendly drivers. \xa0I guess I will be visiting my parents more often... Highly recommended.", 'stars': '2', 'usefull_likes': '1'}
{'review': 'Bolt Bus got us to New York about 15 minutes behind schedule, and that\'s the best thing I can say. \xa0I read a great review of the service in the Washington Post, and my experience fell far short. \xa0The wifi was so slow that it took two hours before I could login, and then my connection crashed. \xa0There were no power outlets at \xa0seats occupied by my children and me. \xa0The seats were anything but the "luxury" the Post promised. \xa0Cheap, slippery "pleather" seats were hard to sit in comfortably. \xa0My kids and I had trouble staying still -- we just slipped. \xa0There are no \xa0seat- back pockets so it\'s impossible to store anything you are carrying. No overhead lights either. \xa0A passenger behind me picked a fight when I leaned my seat back just a bit. \xa0The men in front of me were guzzling beer from brown paper bags and by the end of the trip every sentence out of their mouths included the words "pu&&y" and "motherf###er"." It was a truly horrible experience. The price was great but it was a classic case of "you get what you pay for."', 'stars': '5', 'usefull_likes': '1'}
{'review': "Anyone who slags the company that offers such cheap transport deserves a punch in the face.Go pay for the Acela or take the Greyhound (possibly my number one most hated company) if you are upset.For me, I had a lovely experience. Friendly/funny drivers, cordial seat neighbors, internet, clean, and CHEAP CHEAP CHEAP.You get what you pay for, and for what I got, I'd pay at least double what I did.", 'stars': '5', 'usefull_likes': '1'}
{'review': "great! \xa0I've only ridden twice, but I was impressed. \xa0Wifi, power outlets, leather seats, a/c, on time.", 'stars': '1', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "I booked my trip from NYC to DC with much trepidation. Tired of paying over $300 round trip on Acela but could not imagine what a $38 round trip could be like. I stood at Sbarro on 33rd & 7th and the bus came right on time. Not pleasant standing in in the cold, but ok. Bus loaded and left on time, which surprised me since the bus was fullly loaded. Seat was small (not unlike coach on most airlines) but clean and the legroom (I am 6ft tall) was adequate. We stopped along I95 in Maryland and arrived in Union Station 4.5 hours later, exactly on time...shocked me.Returning to NY the next day we had an almost empty bus so everyone had the full row to themselves, very comfortable, and since there were so few of us, the wifi was blazing. Then came the problem; a major accident on I95. forced us to detour. The driver, however, was incredible. He took all the back roads through Maryland, and a couple of detours in NJ I never heard of and got us to NY about 10 minutes late. (The only negative here was that since we avoided I95 we did not stop at the rest stop, but the on-board restroom was spotless).Is Bolt the greatest way to travel from NY to DC? Absolutely not! Accela is great, but $350 or more round trip. The Northeast Express is a little more comfortable, but $150 round trip. So if you want to save a great deal of money, you can't beat Bolt. One caveat, Don't try leaving by any bus at rush hour, especially on Friday, unless you're prepared for the traffic delay. If you want to leave NYC at 5 on Friday, you are probably better off on the train.", 'stars': '5', 'usefull_likes': '1'}
{'review': "BoltBus needs to find an indoor home for it's Boston-New York route, because when it's raining/snowing/freezing and you're waiting to get on a bus it totally totally sucks. Needlessly.I gave BoltBus 4 stars for its service from Boston, but I cannot do the same for the return trip as the lack of a physical bus station sucks and instead you are dropped off and picked up on the street. The bus stops behind the Hotel New Yorker in front of the small plaque commemorating Nikolai Tesla who died there penniless and forgotten. I suppose at least the people waiting in the elements are getting a little history lesson.", 'stars': '2', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "I needed a ride from NYC to Boston a couple weeks ago, and most of my friends recommended Bolt. \xa0Hey, for $15 a ticket, I'm in! \xa0The bus was nice enough (not a ton of leg room, though), and the passengers seemed relatively normal (with the exception of the guy sitting next to me, who may or may not have been a serial killer). \xa0The bus was like half an hour late picking us up though, which sucked because it was raining. \xa0And the wi-fi was a bit spotty, so the novelty of using the Internet in a moving vehicle quickly wore off. \xa0All in all, a solid three stars.", 'stars': '3', 'usefull_likes': '1'}
{'review': 'Overall better option than Washington Deluxe and Megabus but not enough leg room, tray table would be nice. \xa0Wireless works well, more organized in terms of check in, and more professional staff.', 'stars': '4', 'usefull_likes': '2'}
{'review': "Had a good experience taking Bolt to New York from Boston and back - way better than Megabus. The seats seemed bigger and less cramped, with more leg room - that's super important to me, as someone who's too tall for her own good. Also, unlike on Megabus, the free WiFi actually worked. I do believe they speed quite a bit, but I got where I was going earlier than anticipated and didn't die, so I don't mind.", 'stars': '4', 'usefull_likes': '2'}
{'review': "We took the Bolt Bus to NYC instead of our standby Lucky Star because we thought it would be nice to have the wifi, etc. \xa0Well it was terrible. \xa0The bus was very cramped - much more so than Lucky Star, and the wifi was slow. \xa0Plus the driver must have been driving with two feet the whole way, as it was so jerky that I thought I might barf. \xa0We had tickets to return to Boston this morning on the Bolt Bus, but we were afraid to get stuck in the storm, so we decided to try to get out late last night instead. \xa0Bolt stopped running at 7:30, but we got tickets for a 10 pm Lucky Star bus, and the trip just reinforced how much more comfortable Lucky Star is. \xa0I think we'll just take Lucky Star from now on. \xa0Bolt is overrated.", 'stars': '2', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "After my experience with Fung Wah Bus, Bolt is like a business class to me. We took our first Bolt Bus trip to DC from Newark. It was pretty pleasant. Seat belted leather seating (reduced odor and easy to clean) w/power outlet. But my iPhone is unable to detect to Bolt wifi, but seemed others w/laptop didn't have such problem. No biggy for me since I still have Cell phone data plan to the network. The driver, Daniel, is nice. He stopped by a cool rest stop near Delaware which has many restaurants (pizza, burger king, popeye, taco, cinnamon rolls, Starbucks, fresh food market) and large also clean restrooms. Unlike the one Fung wah bus stopped between NYC/Boston, a MacDonald. I still recall the driver of Fung Wah bus pulled over at the middle of highway on the way to NYC, then stone faced and walked down the aisle to the back of bus. We were all stunned and fully awaken, thought there was something wrong. But he just needed to use toilet. The man with a few words, or no word at all. There were only a few downsides: an loud cell phone user throughout the ride and fall down coke washed over aisle (there is flexible cup holder for each seat). But these have nothing to do with Bolt, but the customer ourselves. And I understand these situations can happen in any buses, even can be one of us.To me Newark hub is better than departuring from Penn Station or Chinatown for 5 reasons: easier booking (more open seats), closer to DC (for at least 30 mins), avoiding the jamed tunnels. Besides, it's only a PATH away to NYC.", 'stars': '5', 'usefull_likes': '3'}
{'review': 'I took bolt bus from Philly to NYC @11:30 on Saturday 03/23/2013. \xa0Bus is clean, wifi ok, seats comfy but driver (bus number 852) all ride the was on a cell or listening his iPod and as result he keep brake all the time. Not sure why and how he get this job, but dont think he even has driver license .I hope I make it to NYC ok.', 'stars': '1', 'usefull_likes': '2'}
{'review': "I travel a lot between NYC and Baltimore. I've been taking the Amtrak until a friend told me about the BoltBus. While Amtrak is a quieter, roomier ride, the BoltBus gets me there just as fast but with free wi-fi the whole way. The seats have outlets so that's a plus also. It also makes me happy knowing I can show up only 15 minutes early and get on the bus instead of going to an airport. I've ridden with BoltBus 3 times in the last month and I've never had a bad experience. Once we got stuck in traffic in Delaware for about an hour and somehow still made it to NYC only 15 minutes late. I gave it 4 stars just because it's not as roomy, quiet, and smooth riding as the Amtrak.", 'stars': '4', 'usefull_likes': '3'}
{'review': 'Bolt bus is pretty awesome way to travel to Boston and back to NycFree Wifi , outlet for laptop/phone chargers , plenty of leg room and plus its brand new and clean. no more broken down buses or smelly ones loland its pretty cheap a lil more than the chinatown buses and megabus but willing to spend a lil extra for the wifi.... and entertainment with the laptop', 'stars': '5', 'usefull_likes': '2'}
{'review': 'You cannot go wrong with paying $15 each way on a bus that picks you up on time, is clean, great friendly safe drivers and has WIFI on it. I have been riding Bolt for almost a year now and never go to Boston any other way.', 'stars': '4', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': 'BoltBus is great. Clean, nice. A few tips:1. If you\'re going to DC, the alleged "33rd and 7th" pickup/drop off point is actually ON 33rd st, between 6th and 7th Aves (much closer to 7th). It\'s in front of a Sbarro\'s, I think - -or something similar. 2. If you want to be able to look out the window, make sure that your window is not one of the few towards the front that are covered with little dots (to form the "bolt" design on the outside of the bus). 3. The cheaper the trip, the less popular it is, and the more likely you are to have a double seat to yourself. It takes around 4 hours to go from New York to DC.I have to say that having taken Amtrak for the same trip, I think BoltBus is a great alternative. It\'s less stressful -- I friggin\' hate the Amtrak station in New York -- and 90% as comfortable for half the price. I can\'t compare Bolt to any of the other lines, as I haven\'t used them, but I liked Bolt a lot.', 'stars': '5', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "Overall, I have to say that I was very pleased with my experience on BoltBus. \xa0The tickets are pretty cheap-- roundtrip costs about 30 bucks. \xa0Got on the bus at the Soho stop and got to DC in 4 hours. \xa0The boarding process was very organized and orderly. \xa0The buses are very clean, have outlets on some rows (not in the middle), and the other riders are normal/quiet. \xa0 The customers are mainly young students and professionals who keep to themselves. \xa0 On the way down, two girls got into an argument and the bus driver immediately pulled the bus over and forced the two girls to find separate seats. \xa0I was pretty happy about that. \xa0I deducted a star because the bus came 10 minutes late on my way back to NYC. \xa0However, we didn't make a rest stop and got to NYC pretty close to the scheduled arrival time.", 'stars': '4', 'usefull_likes': '2'}
{'review': 'Took DC to NYC and back this weekend. \xa0Fantastic going up - leather seats, safe smooth driving, and wifi. \xa0 Horrible coming back - smelly, seats did not have power outlets, wifi not working, and driving was both unsafe and nauseating. \xa0I will certainly be trying another company next time. Alot the experience depends on the quality of the driver.', 'stars': '2', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': 'NYC to Philly for \xa010 bucks in 2 hours?!?!?! \xa0 Yes I love Amtrak, but I am poor by living in ny and cannot afford the rediculous prices that amtrak has.Okay so I left for Philly 5pm, got to the tick tock at 4:30, stood there and realized that the bus was acutally a little further down on 34th st. \xa0Ok no biggie. \xa0At 4:40 they let us on the bus (thankfully b/c it was cold out) and was able to get a front row seat. \xa0Turned my computer on and the free wifi worked fabulously, but the real test I suppose would be when we acutally got on our way. \xa0The wifi was working in the Lincoln tunnel but then had to turn my laptop off b/c I was getting super car sick (or I guess bus sick) and did not want to be puking the entire ride down. \xa0Okay so there was a little traffic and the people who were getting off in Cherry Hill did not realize that when the bus stopped and turned on the lights and the guy announced "Cherry Hill" that they were supposed to get off..but regardless we made it to Philly 7 min past the arrival time...not too shabby. \xa0The sun night ride home back to ny..even better...(wifi worked but again didnt stay on the laptop that long) and arrived 10 min before we were supposed to! \xa0Everyone is pretty quiet and mind\'s their own business...clean busses (cant speak for the potty!) and for $10 each way..you cant go wrong. \xa0yay for the bolt bus to go visit my friends in philly/delaware!!!', 'stars': '5', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': 'The Bolt Bus is HORRIBLE, like it might be better to travel by a Vespa horrible. \xa0I took it twice from DC and back. \xa0One leg of the trip took 7 hours and the other took 8 hours....the trip is typically only 4-4.5 hours!! \xa0Who cares how cheap the ticket is when you chance being stuck on a bus next to someone snoring and the guy behind you wont get off his cellphone, as the entire bus cares about his political views!! \xa0Try the DC2NY if possible...much better!!', 'stars': '1', 'usefull_likes': '1'}
{'review': "Bolt bus rolling review.Rolling review because they offer free wifi, which is alone worth the price of the ticket. I've taken many buses from NY to Boston, Greyhound (too expensive), Fung wah and Lucky star (too Ghetto) Bolt bus (comfy, clean and free wifi)The seats are more comfy than other seats, they have electricity to help with the free wifi (on the way up it didnt work but on the way back, so far it is working spendidly!) The bus drivers are nice and make attempts at being funny. The first guy also added a PSA about expanded service routes coming in the future. All in all this is my favorite bus experience. Buses in and of themselves are an uncomfortable experience but at least it seems Bolt Bus is trying to at least distract you from the fact that you are on a bus for over 4 hours.", 'stars': '4', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "I'm from Vancouver, B.C., read the reviews re Bolt Bus but honestly was still a little leary and had fingers crossed thinking I hope this bus shows up - I paid $21 from New York to Philly return and thought wow is this some kind of scam because it's so cheap compared to what we pay in Vancouver to travel - and I know Bolt even have $1 fares! \xa0Well not only did the bus show up but I managed to get on an earlier bus easy peasy. \xa0Coming back from Philly to New York the bus was on time and the guy sitting next to me was delightful company. \xa0 Honestly, I am really impressed with Bolt Bus, it was clean, efficient, I felt safe with both bus drivers, both ways it was quiet. \xa0I would highly recommend it.", 'stars': '5', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "Bolt Bus is very misleading. \xa0In New York city, if the timetable says 6:30, you can be sure the buss will not pull out for at least 20 minutes, which makes me late for my connection in boston - I have to wait 1.5 hours for the next train to my destination. \xa0If the bus left at the time it said - I would make my connection just fine. \xa0If the bus schedule actually was honest, and said the bus leaves at 6:50 - everyone would have the truth and adjust their connections correctly. \xa0I cannot stand dishonesty, especially when it affects so many peoples' lives and comfort.", 'stars': '1', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': 'Be extremely careful when booking a round trip reservation on BoltBus\'s shamefully error-prone website: when selecting your return date, the website often mistakenly provides you the schedule of buses for the same day as your departure. \xa0This is a common problem confirmed telephonically by a BoltBus reservation-changing representative (a kind South Asian fellow I can only assume is offshore and paid peanuts by greedy BoltBus), but tellingly, by none of their "customer service" representatives. \xa0If you\'re booking in a hurry, thinking about other things, or travelling very soon, this error could prove pricey--you have 24 hours to change your reservation, and should you fail to notice and change the reservation before the purchased travel the website selected for you (like I did), you\'ll be left stranded, and BoltBus will happily keep the money you spent without a word of acknowledgment as to their shitty website.', 'stars': '1', 'usefull_likes': '2'}
{'review': 'BoltBus fills first year with historic momentsFrom Volume 2009, Issue 2 - 2 2009 - Busride MagazineWhile the Chinatown buses cruised the northeast corridor over the lastseveral years, longtime industry partners Peter Pan Bus Lines andGreyhound put their heads together to come up with a more invitingsolution. The two carriers determined with what was going on there wasroom in the market for a more professional and much safer bus ride.In March Greyhound and Peter Pan celebrate the one-year anniversary oftheir joint venture BoltBus with high-end, low-fare commuter coachservice featuring a fleet of Prevost X3-45s that run between Boston,New York City, Philadelphia and Washington D.C.Bolt Bus sells tickets off its Web site with one-dollar seatsavailable. Except in Boston where it is prohibited, BoltBus driversmake pick ups and drop offs street side, which saves on docking feesand terminal rentals, as well as the costs of handling baggage."Our two companies have been interested in a street side service as anavenue of growth for years," says BoltBus chairman David Hall."Ultimately, the decision to move forward was customer driven. Thedemand for the unique set of amenities we offer was very evident."Hall says while BoltBus serves a region of the country where peopleknow and appreciate motorcoaches.Even savvy passengers who ride regularly view BoltBus as an all-newexperience," he says. "The Prevost coaches are an entirely new productfor them as well."The commuter service launched March 27, 2008 with a dedicatedmanagement team recruited from both companies and 33 Prevost X3-45s."This first year has been a lot of fun and a lot of hard work," saysHall. "But the time has flown by and we have been very happy with theperformance from day one in terms of revenue and ridership. Customerreaction and growth have exceeded all of our expectations."Peter Pan president Peter A. Picknelly says the first year was a hugesuccess, and notes it took BoltBus only two-and-a-half months to turna profit. Hall agrees, saying Greyhound was very surprised by how fastthe service took off; that it feels like the young subsidiarycompletely skipped the start-up phase.', 'stars': '4', 'usefull_likes': '1'}
{'review': "I recently took Bolt Bus round trip from New York to DC to visit a friend. The choice was between this and the infamous Chinese Bus. This one was an extra $13 and was totally worth it. Though the driver didn't drive like a mad man, we were 30 minutes late getting into DC and 15 minutes late getting into New York. The seats have a lot more legroom than the Chinese buses and I didn't feel as cramped. The driver was very professional and the passengers were extremely respectful. Nobody was yapping on the phone the entire trip and everybody was pretty quiet, which is really nice.All of the Bolt Buses have free WiFi, which I had absolutely no problem connecting to. You don't realize how much better a trip with WiFi is until you actually try it. I felt like I was still connected to the world even though I was on the Jersey Turnpike. The only thing I would watch out for is the power outlets! It is nice that they are offered, but on my return trip there was a weird outlet where only two-prong plugs would work. I have a Mac and the big adapter wouldn't fit, the girl next to me had a three-pronged plug and that didn't fit either, it was soooo annoying. Next time I go to DC I'm definitely going to use Bolt instead of the Chinese Bus!!!", 'stars': '3', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "We took BoltBus from NYC to DC, and then back, in the middle of the week.This was much better than my Chinatown bus experiences back in the day during college haha. \xa0Leather seating, free wifi (which I didn't use, but I saw other people using it during the whole trip), clean bus restroom, and courteous driver who got us there pretty much on time. \xa0Since it was the middle of the week, the bus was probably only 1/4 full, and everyone got their own row, which was quite nice.You can reserve tickets online, and the earlier you reserve, the cheaper it is! \xa0We reserved only a couple days in advance, and it was still only $20 each way.We left NYC at 33rd and 7th (near Penn Station), and got to DC at 11th and G, right in front of the Metro Center stop. \xa0VERY convenient.", 'stars': '4', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': 'This is my third time on a boltbus. It\'s cheap and clean. Those are the only things it has going for it. The internet is slow if it works at all and this time my outlets don\'t work so I can\'t do any work (I\'m a programmer, I need power). Had odd accommodations like seat belts. Maybe if you had kids with you but I\'ve never seen a kid on this bus. I wouldn\'t wear the seatbelt because the seats are not comfortable for someone over 6\' (I\'m 6\' 2").We didn\'t stop on the way to Boston but we did on the way back. Bus drivers both ways were a little odd. Noting the spot where the tragic accident happened on I-95. Would have rather not known since we too were on a commuter bus.I don\'t really understand the grouping or seating system (A, B, etc.). But if you\'re anything other than an A, you\'re unlikely to get a seat, especially on peak buses.I\'ve taken fung wuh bus before and this is pretty comparable. But it sure beat the hell out of paying an arm and a leg to take Amtrak up to Boston.', 'stars': '4', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "I'm writing this review using the wiFi on the Bolt from Philadelphia to New York -- which is kind of amazing in and of itself. The wireless Internet access is kinda slow at times, but overall, pretty reliable. I even managed to get onto my corporate VPN.Seats are a bit cramped for use of normal-size laptop -- they're like airline seats without the trays. But they are plush and comfortable.Our bus is full but very quiet -- people sleeping, reading or listening to their MP3 players. No loud cell phone conversations.The bathroom is better than I expected -- reasonably clean with Purell hand sanitizer available. Only drawback is that if the back seat is filled, the poor folks there have to move their stuff to let someone into the john.Driver was pleasant and left on time. The bus is traveling at safe speed on the turnpike -- light traffic and good weather on a Sunday afternoon.For $10, this is an unbeatable travel experience. Not sure if I would say the same in lousy weather and heavy traffic, though.", 'stars': '3', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "Took BoltBus plenty of times and they are always on time and are so comfy i fall asleep right away! Especially travelling at night, it's so quiet and dark so it's easy to take a nap. 2 hours and i arrive in Philly. When the snow storm hit and they had to cancel reservations, my credit card got refunded right away. This is the best travel option in my opinion..", 'stars': '4', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': 'Bolt Bus is now running from NY to DC. The service began on March 27th.Yes, we were able to snag the $1.00 fares!!!Booked it weeks before the launch.Who would\'ve thought a "GreyHound" bus would look and feel so nice. The power plugs and the wifi is def a nice touch. Hurry and hop on the NY to PA bus! Service starts April 19.I wonder how the Fung Wah will do once the service to Boston rolls out.FYI: In NYC the Bolt Bus has two stops: one at 33rd St. and 7th Ave.; the other at Canal St. and 6th Ave. In D.C., there is only one stop, at 11th and G St. NW. All of these stops are easy to access the Metro or Subway, making it easy to get around once you get to your final destination. However, they are all street-side pick-ups and drop-offs, meaning you will sweat or shiver by the outdoor elements while you wait.', 'stars': '5', 'usefull_likes': '1'}
{'review': "I love Bolt Bus. \xa0It's cheap, comfortable & easy way to get to & from NYC - Boston. \xa0WiFi, roomy seats, a/c. \xa0$60 round trip is the most I've ever paid. \xa0I generally will take a taxi to wherever I'm going once I get off in NYC. \xa0I've done plane, car, and train -Bolt Bus is my transport of choice :)", 'stars': '4', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': 'This is the first time I used Bolt Bus to travel from NYC to Philadelphia on Wed, March 9, 2011. The bus was on time; driver was friendly; he made sure all of us were going to Philly; wifi worked all throughout the promised 2-hour trip - all for $10. What more can I say? Oh, yes, the bus was clean and so was the restroom.', 'stars': '4', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "I pretty much had to take a bus to DC since all the trains were sold out this weekend. Someone recommended Bolt and believe me, I was skeptical. After surviving several tours of duty with the Fung Wa bus of death and other similar Chinatown bus lines, I expected the absolute worst. However, desperation won out and I made an online reservation. Much to my surprise, the trip was fine. The bathroom sucked because it ran out of toilet paper and there was no wi-fi on the bus, but otherwise the ride was really smooth. It wasn't stop, and fly-into-the-seat-in-front-of-you, then go driving. The seats were super comfortable and the bus was relatively clean. There were outlets in the seats to plug in laptops and dvd players. I even felt comfortable taking a brief nap without fear of getting shanked or getting my stuff stolen. Maybe I got lucky, but no one really talked on their cell phones and the bus was fairly quiet. All in all, I would definitely take this bus again.", 'stars': '5', 'usefull_likes': '1'}
{'review': "MUCH more comfortable than the Fung Wah or Lucky Star buses. I actually had leg room and loved having electricity. I give three instead of four stars because the price is twice as much and the driver talked too much. Yeah, he was nice and personable, but some people just want to sleep.Looking at some of the other reviews, I at first thought that people were being babies about the lack of an ordered boarding system. But on further reflection I'm thinking that since it does cost twice as much as the Chinatown busses, they should put a little more effort into comfort and relieve the stresses of potentially not sitting with your friends. My suggestion is to assign seat numbers like on airplanes.In the end, I think it depends on how I feel as to what bus I take. Chinatown busses are more exciting and diverse. The Bolt Bus is more expensive but more comfortable (and presumably safer). You make the call!", 'stars': '4', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "So I have made something of a science of getting between New York and Philadelphia. \xa0I've probably made the trip about 50 times in the 6 years I've lived in NYC. \xa0Just finished my second trip on Bolt and it certainly is a welcome option for this journey. \xa0First let's review options: Amtrak: at least $45 one-way but arrive in Philly 1h15m. \xa0There is no faster possible way.NJTransit/Septa: $20.50 one-way, could be 2h20m in theory but a missed connection can turn this into an almost 4hr ordeal. \xa0Bolt Bus: $13 one-way, but traffic can be a nightmare. \xa0Bolt is great for off peak but I don't even want to think about taking a bus through the Lincoln Tunnel at 6pm on a Friday night. \xa0The price is right but anytime you're leaving NYC on a bus it's always when about 100,000 other people are trying to get out via car too. \xa0My advice for the cheapest trip with the least headache: train down, bus back.", 'stars': '3', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "After suffering with the Chinatown buses (P2P Circulator, Apex, et al) for a couple of years for trips from NYC to Philly, I was elated to find out about BoltBus.Pluses:- cheap- clean- comfortable seats- usually plenty of empty seats aboard if you travel at the right times- free WiFi- FRIENDLY drivers who speak fluent English- drivers use headsets when they need to talk on the phone (never handheld phones)- leaves on time (usually)- no smelly people with screaming brats (if you've ever taken the buses that leave from N 11th st in Philly, you know what I am talking about)Minuses:- no office or representative at the bus stop, so you have no idea when or even if the bus is coming if it's late- no shelter while you're waiting for the bus if it's raining- in Philly, the Travelers' Aid station in the Amtrak Station across the street has zero info on BoltBus (Bolt should do a better job advertising their service)- for some reason my laptop drops the WiFi connection like every 5 min and I have to reconnectThe buses often take 2.5 - 3 hr getting back to NYC from Philly in the late afternoon/early evening due to rush hour traffic; it's not BoltBus' fault, since all the bus services are similarly affected. But BoltBus should do a better job letting passengers know they expect this.(I was glad to read in another review that P2P Circulator went out of business -- karma dammit! -- only I still have two of their tickets that I never got to use!)", 'stars': '4', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "I heard about Bolt through a friend and I must say that I'm never going to ride on PeterPan or the Fung Wah bus again (unless all the Bolt seats are all sold out)The free WiFi is a big plus. Helps take the time away when you're stuck in traffic. Our bus was on time and left on time but arrive in Boston about 45 minutes late due to traffic. The bus looked and smelled new. Wish the seats could have reclined more, but there was more than plenty of leg room. Driver was pretty friendly. No bad smells like the Fungwah either or the shady crowd that comes with Peter Pan at times. Plus, it's cheaper than Peter Pan.", 'stars': '4', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "After nearly two years using their service I'm glad I'm still a fan. \xa0One thing though is that I would strongly recommend you sitting towards the front or the front half of the bus than the back end of the bus. \xa0I didn't think it'd be a problem but my most recent experience has taught me otherwise. \xa0Every time someone left the restroom I would pick up a whiff of dried urine and pungent smelling hand sanitizer. \xa0It wasn't unbearable but enough to make me try to snooze for a little bit until the scent throw went away.", 'stars': '4', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "Random musings while on bus:-that driver is a funny guy.-there aren't enough funny people in the world.-the world is filled with pimps and hoes, we'll just talk about those I know.-I know lots of things, but I do not know one type of tree. I couldn't tell an American Oak from anything else. Is this something I should know? What if I'm kidnapped and they put me in a shack in the woods and I get out but I don't know which way to go b/c I don't know how to follow the clues the trees give. Note: Learn about trees for survival.-speaking of survival... there isn't an armrest between me and home boy next to me and I don't like my arm touching someone's arm. How many germs would someone have on their arms. I need to wash my arm.-why am I so crazy? it's just his arm. with his ashy elbows. yuck.-actually, his elbows are kinda smooth... I wonder what kind of moisturizer he uses.-I've actually never met a man who uses moisturizer, I bet he's gay. Only a 'mo would take care of himself so well.-speaking of 'mo's... I wonder how my friend Ed is doing... Note: Call Ed.-Ed was named after an American car from the 60's.*-Americans sure do like their big cars.-We also really like German luxury vehicles, I thought we were in a recession, how are so many people able to afford a Mercedes? Note: check out their financing plans.-I should get a license before I think about buying a car... don'tcha think?-I should've brought along my laptop, there's an outlet right in front of my neighbors seat, I could've been on the internet for the entire ride.-nah, I'm glad I didn't, then I would not have been able to be lost in my thoughts.-I should really get into that show Lost... what's all the hype about anyway? Are they stuck on an island?-I should go to Puerto Rico w/ Mommy in July.-Actually in July I should go to Rome with Natalia.-Natalia makes really good cornbread.-Cornbread should be called corn cake b/c it's more like cake and less like bread.-I have to cut down on my consumption of carbs.-screw that, rice is too good.-*phone rings* who can it be now? *singing in head* who can it beeee now? oh snap! I should answer the call!-greeeeeeeeat it's an ex. No thanks *presses ignore*-voicemail, oh how I loathe thee.-we're back in NYC already? Nice!_______________* I cannot divulge the name of the model in order to protect the identity of my friend.", 'stars': '4', 'usefull_likes': '1'}
{'review': "I travel to Philadelphia very frequently, usually at least one weekend a month. Overall, I find BoltBus to be a very easy, cheap and drama-free way to get there.It has a slight edge over megabus for a couple of reasons. First, the megabus stop is much more chaotic. There are too many double-decker buses (meaning twice the crowd) all leaving around the same time. I also like that if you have a BoltBus login, you get an A group ticket so that you can board first. And BoltBus gives you a free ticket after 8 rides. Of course, I haven't had a perfect experience every time. I recently experienced a terrible 90 minute delay in freezing temperatures and the staff was not very informative, but this sort of thing is bound to happen occasionally. I don't expect great customer service as that's not really their business model. They're a DIY kind of company...you go online yourself and get a cheap, non-refundable ticket and they will take you where you want to go.It looks like a lot of the one-star reviewers have had bad luck on a trip or two, which is unfortunate, but it happens. Overall, for what you pay, this is one of the best travel deals around.", 'stars': '4', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "My mom recently came to visit for Thanksgiving, and being that she's never been to the east coast, we decided to take her to DC.Having done the FungWah bus nightmare, I decided to do major research in advance on which bus we should take. Thanks to all the reviews from fellow yelp-ers (thanks, guys!), I settled on BoltBus. It was a pretty good choice.Going to DC on Saturday morning, the bus arrived on time, and although the driver wasn't necessarily friendly, who would be at 7am? The drive was totally smooth and we were able to sleep the whole way. A nice pit-stop for food halfway, and we arrived safe and sound.Leaving DC, the bus waiting area was a bit confusing, as it's actually across from where you get dropped off (but the paper doesn't say that). Luckily, we saw the bus and the line, and got on just in time. The driver was SUPER friendly, joking with each passenger as they got on. He then stood up in the bus and gave us all a comic lecture about being quiet and respecting others. Then we were off! It started out as a great ride, with that intro, but we eventually felt like we were on the never-ending ride from hell. It really wasn't the driver's fault. Blame NJ-NY traffic on Sunday nights. The whole ride took about 7.5 hours and we were so desparate to get off when it was all over.I gave it 4 stars because it wasn't the driver's fault that there was traffic. Just try to avoid coming back to NY from DC on a Sunday evening, or it will be a 7-8 hour trip. Other than that, the bus is clean, comfortable, and great!", 'stars': '4', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "I am in love....completely utterly head over heels love with Bolt Bus.This past week I went to DC for the price of $25 round trip. \xa0The service was prompt and the ride was relaxing. \xa0It took us four hours to get to DC and our bus driver stopped at a rest stop or ten minutes. \xa0Coming back to NYC, however, we did not stop but that's okay. \xa0I am going back in June and the tickets cost me $8.50 round trip.Yesterday I went to Philly for some dim sum and the Frida Kahlo exhibit, which by the way is AWESOME, go if you can. \xa0I paid $20 round trip tickets and the Septa line to the museum was right there.  I had absolutely no problem on either trip. \xa0I saw fellow passengers using their computer and browsing the net without any interruptions. \xa0The trick to getting cheap tickets I guess is buying them as early as possible. \xa0The thing that got me, besides the price, is that it's just one bus. \xa0There no hassle of a transfer. \xa0 Oh my Amy and Jen will be seeing a lot of me from now on.", 'stars': '4', 'usefull_likes': '4'}
{'review': 'Terrible experience this Sunday--I had a ticket, which is supposed to be a guaranteed seat, and the 3 pm bus was somehow already full. They made me hustle up to midtown (where I was told I would have a seat), and I arrived only to find that.....no, that bus was also completely full and overbooked. After 15 minutes of back and forth, they let me take the 3:30 bus, but there were 10 people whose 3:30 tickets had not been honored, and were stuck there.In the past I thought they were better than average, but I have NEVER had this kind of BS happen with Vamoose, DC2NY, etc. A ticket should be a ticket.', 'stars': '4', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "I've taken the Bolt Bus to Washington and Boston a couple of times each, and have appreciated the ease of use - and that the driver stopped half-way to each city for a break. \xa0That in itself is a signal sign of quality: let's not get too nuts about non-stop! \xa0I have taken Peter Pan from Boston and I feel cramped and grouchy, and believe me he gets to New York no faster and for more money. \xa0That's why Bolt is always Booked! \xa0Plan ahead! \xa0And, to be to the point, the drivers seem well rested and cheerful. \xa0What more can you want?", 'stars': '5', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "I've taken Bolt Bus twice between DC and NY. The Internet works, there are outlets, and best of all the seats are far enough apart so you won't get deep vein thrombosis and die. It also smells clean and has always been on time for me. The pleasantness of the ride also seems to bring out the best in the riders-- there is none of the rudeness you get on Greyhound.But this is the best part:Last time I rode Bolt, I apparently dropped my wallet while boarding in DC. I got a call half an hour into the ride saying they'd found my wallet (I hadn't yet noticed it was gone), but not to worry, because a driver was bringing it to their Secaucus headquarters in the morning and someone would deliver it to me in New York. Of course, I did worry-- at the very least, I thought I'd have to go to New Jersey.The next day, a very nice lady from Bolt headquarters called to say she was taking a train from NJ to midtown after her shift ended and she would met me in midtown to give me my wallet. When I got it back, nothing was missing from it, not even a dollar, even though by my count it passed through five different people's hands. It was amazing. And the lady wouldn't even let me give her anything for her trouble.", 'stars': '5', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': 'I actually got an account just so I could review BoltBus.My experiences with Boltbus have always been fairly good (I probably would have given them 4 stars), but today was horrible). I\'ve taken four-five roundtrips with Boltbus now, so I think I\'ve got a pretty good idea of what they\'re like.1 - The buses are always late in arriving to pick you up. In most cases it\'s somewhere from five-twenty minutes late. Worst case scenario, it was an hour and a half late. In the freezing cold. In December. NOT ACCEPTABLE. 2 - The buses are always late in arriving at your destination. Anywhere from ten to thirty minutes late, worst case scenario was two and a half hours late. 3 - The internet and outlets are decent, at best. It usually takes a while for the internet to work, and you usually have to specifically look for a seat with an outlet, otherwise you\'ll get stuck in a seat without one. 4 - Last year I had one really great experience where the bus driver was really funny and seemed genuinely happy to be driving our bus - but I have not had such an example since. Here is what happened today: I was supposed to be taking a 10:30AM bus from DC to NYC, and the bus itself was fifteeen minutes late. Once we got on, there was some sort of trouble because the ticketer had let someone on who was not supposed to be on this bus, and the bus driver was extremely rude, yelling at whoever it was to get off the bus, and again, we ended up leaving fifteen minutes late. The trouble came when we stopped at a NJ rest area for a small break. I was with a group of about 15-20 friends, and about 10 of us got off for lunch. We immediately got in line for food, but because the bus driver picked a heavily trafficked station, we knew it was going to be close. Regardless, we were going to be as quick as possible. Waiting for three of the remaining eight of us to get our food, the bus driver shouts in the station, "IF YOU\'RE ON THE BOLT BUS, WE\'RE LEAVING NOW." and storms out. We figured he would give us one more minute, because there were eight of us missing! We thought there was no way he would leave if nearly 1/5 of the bus was not there. Wrong. One of my friends received a phone call from our other friend on the bus, saying the bus was pulling out and that we needed to get there, fast. After finally getting our food (WE WEREN\'T JUST GOING TO LEAVE WITHOUT IT!), we ran back to the bus and thankfully the driver had not left yet. However, he did stop us and say (extremely rudely), "Listen, I don\'t know if this is your first time riding the BoltBus, but we have a schedule. And we need to make that schedule, and it doesn\'t matter - if you\'re not on this bus when we leave, then we leave without you. I\'ve left thirty people before!" This is absolutely NOT something a bus driver should be advertising. You\'ve left people before? Because you think you need to stick to your "schedule", which, AHEM, is NEVER on time? \xa0Wow, I\'m so impressed that your drivers frequently leave people at rest stations throughout the country just so they can be one hour and fifty-nine minutes late to their destinations, instead of two hours.  Finally, the bus pulled up at a most inconvenient spot, right in front of a large truck, so it was nearly impossible to get our luggage out from underneath the bus. Furthermore, the driver did not even try to help the struggling masses retrieve luggage, he preferred to stand by the side and smoke a cigarette. SERIOUSLY!?  Needless to say, my friends and I will never be using BoltBus again, and I\'m going to advise all of my other friends and family to do the same.', 'stars': '1', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "The Bolt Bus just dropped me off safe and sound back in DC.I took the bus at the Sbarro's near Penn Station for my return trip. I don't know if it was a Memorial Day thing, a NY thing, or an afternoon thing but the bus was packed.I could have sworn I heard that there are leather seats on the bus, but once again, it was all cloth. The lights weren't working on any of the seats either.But...I paid $20 to get from NY to DC in about 4 hours, in an air conditioned bus with wi-fi, and I got that. It was a direct route, with no stops at all, not even a rest stop.The wi-fi was pretty stable. It wasn't until I hit about an hour outside of Maryland that the connection died. Then it picked up again once we got closer to DC.I'd give Bolt Bus 5 stars if the seats had arm rests in the middle, or were a little wider. But after having taken it twice, I can't think of a reason why I would want to pay $180 each way when I could take a Bolt Bus in reasonable comfort for a fraction of the price.Good job Grayhound.", 'stars': '4', 'usefull_likes': '1'}
{'review': "One of the best trips my wife and I have taken aboard the Bolt Bus. For $10/person, we took the Bolt Bus from New York to Boston. You'll meet in front of the New Yorker Building, so get there early (1-2 hours) because lines can get long. But the good thing is that everyone's guaranteed a seat regardless as long as you purchased your ticket in advance. The driver came right on time and we were off on our way about 15 minutes in. Seats were very comfortable, large and padded. There are lifts underneath so you can elevate/rest your feet. There are electrical outlets to charge your computers and other electronic devices. There is of course, free WiFi which was a bonus. After 4 hours, we were dropped off at South Station in Boston. Whether you're traveling to Boston, DC, or Philly, you can't go wrong with Bolt.", 'stars': '5', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': 'The bolt bus forgot to pick us up. That was the explanation. I\'ve taken every chinatown bus service from NYC to DC and the bolt bus is the first one to "forget" to pick up its passengers. Thanks bolt bus!', 'stars': '1', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "I took the bus from NYC to Boston and then Boston back to NYC. \xa0 NYC does not have a proper station and since it was the first time i have ever take Bolt Bus i was confused as to where to line up.  In Boston there is an actual terminal and lines for the A, B, and C tickets for boarding. \xa0The trip to NYC was much better and more organized. My bus driver on the way back was funny and gave quick updates with the route he was taking to bypass any traffic. \xa0Bus on both trips was very clean. \xa0Seats were comfortable and have lights similar to those on an airplane.Tip: \xa0If you want good seats buy the A or B options(usually more expensive) because you are able to board first. \xa0C goes last and it is first come first serve.-I would take the bus again because you can't beat $18.50", 'stars': '4', 'usefull_likes': '5'}
{'review': "Took a round trip last weekend. If I were rating just my Escape from New York, this would have been 5 stars. Too bad the return trip earned them a -1 for a solid 2-star average.The bus out of town was great! New model bus, super comfy, well-placed outlets, pretty okay wifi. The driver didn't yell at anybody for talking on their cell phones. The bus was there on time, left on time. The only possible negative was that the bus was maybe half an hour late.Ironic behavior: YELLING over an intercom that a cell phone conversation is too loud and that people are trying to sleep back there so shut it. The driver did this three times on my return trip - while I was trying to sleep! Not great. I guess I understand the motivation behind that, and it gets the point across but it's not a great way to achieve your stated goal.Also on the return trip, I arrived two minutes after the ticket said to be there (my fault I admit), and they sold my seat to some other guy for $20 cash. This ticked me off. They wouldn't just refund the guy and let me on, but the worst part was that they hadn't even taken his money when I walked up and told them I had a ticket. Poor way of doing business. The guy taking the money said I would definitely be on the next bus - that didn't happen (of course it was full) but I got on after an hour. Dumb. The bus wasn't as comfortable as the first leg, either, and the awfully placed power outlet meant my seatmate's phone cord was in my face, but at least the bus got to NY 45 minutes early!My nitpicking point: They're not checking the names on the tickets against any sort of list when you board. So what stops you from forging one, or printing out an extra one because your friend decided he wanted to go out of town with you? If I'm shady enough to think of it, I am sure there's somebody shady enough to put the plan in action. And if they're going to be selling seats out from under ticketed folks' noses anyway, they should at least act like they care if the ticket was legit to begin with.", 'stars': '2', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "My friend recommended Boltbus to me over taking the Chinatown bus and I am soooo glad I took the Boltbus instead!! It was $13 one way to Philadelphia which was comparably cheap to other buslines. The whole lining up thing at the tick tock diner is kinda random but the bus guy who was there was reasonably friendly. When the bus arrived, my bf handled the luggage and I got inline for seats. Lining up was somewhat orderly which was great compared to the Chinatown bus in Philly...but more on that later.The bus was nice and clean, had outlets and wireless for our laptops, and was freezing from the AC. I'd recommend bringing a sweater for your trip!Overall, great deal, great trip, clean and easy. Highly recommended over the disgusting chinatown buses. Blegh!", 'stars': '5', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "I've taken the bus between NY and Philly, and had a pleasant ride each time.As far as curbside pickup bus services go, this one is the best so far. The seats have outlets and the bus has wifi, so it's actually not hard to get work on on the bus.It's still a curbside bus service, with the normal amount of confusion that ensues as you try to figure out which mob of people is waiting for which bus. On the plus side the bus is well labeled, unlike the Chinatown buses.", 'stars': '5', 'usefull_likes': '2'}
{'review': "I have road Bolt bus once before and was please. Not only did I save money from the tolls and gas but it was a pleasant ride. But this time, \xa0LAWD!!!!! \xa0My husband and I bought tickets for a bus that was for a group. Something they call a special bus. \xa0Now maybe we didn't get the details because we bought our tickets online but nevertheless, I was not happy. We had to board last and listen to the groups annoying announcements and comments. \xa0Maybe when Bolt sales a group their bus it should not be advertised for people not in the party. I don't think they would have miss the few dollars the eight of us gave them, we probably would have bought tickets for another time.", 'stars': '2', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': 'Great service, great prices (sometimes), clean buses, good Wi-Fi (most of the time) and overall experience is good. These days though, megabus is much cheaper.', 'stars': '4', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "my second experience with the east coast bus circuit. I took vamoose en route to DC and bolt on the way back, and although both were very nice, there's no doubt that bolt bus emerged the victor. in terms of cleanliness etc. the two were very comparable (even the bathrooms were bearable). however, leg room on vamoose was minimal, and not only does bolt give you plenty of room to stretch out, but it also has leather seats! the real kicker is the internet access though. there were plenty of outlets and the internet was pretty stable and reasonably fast (you can't really stream things, but that's to be expected). the driver was friendly/entertaining and we got to new york on schedule (between 4 and 4.5 hrs). he also made one pit stop 2 hrs into the trip (which the vamoose driver didn't do) and that was a welcome opportunity to pick up snacks, candy, drinks etc.I haven't personally seen any of these low, low bolt prices that everyone is talking about, but even at the more standard rate of $19 one way (obviously still a huge bargain), bolt was $6 cheaper than vamoose. and with all of the amenities it offers, there's no contest!", 'stars': '5', 'usefull_likes': '4'}
{'review': "Best transportation out of NYC besides Amtrak.I am actually writing this review from the Bolt Bus to Washington DC. Sure, there's a little summer traffic... but the driver is doing an excellent job of making good time. I don't think we'll be that late to our destination.What's truly awesome is the wifi & plugs. I had a big assignment at work today, and I was hoping I'd still get to use my $1 ticket to DC to visit my parents for their anniversary this weekend. If I wasn't able to work from the bus (make revisions/email back and forth), I would have been stuck in NYC this weekend.Amtrak is still probably the most reliable transportation in the Northeast during the summer... the traffic can get so bad. However, if you're going at an off-hour or you don't care, Bolt Bus is truly the way to go.", 'stars': '5', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "After my last trip with Boltbus in April, I tried few more times and found that the quality has dropped. The WIFI didn't work any more. \xa0compared to the very good connection with MVP. so i don't know now. if \xa0WIFI is important for my trip, I probably won't choose Boltbus anymore. Does anyone know whether Megabus has better WIFI connection??? This is important to me in despite of the comparable price with all companies out there.", 'stars': '3', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "Here's a tip: \xa0if you can plan your trip ahead of time, call on the first day of the month previous to when you want to travel. \xa0(In other words, leaving in March? \xa0Book February 1.) \xa0In my case, this resulted in a $2 round trip between NYC and Boston, plus a 50 cent fee. \xa0$2.50 for a round trip to Boston! \xa0Can you dig it? \xa0Even if you have to pay $10 or $20 for the round trip, you still can't beat the price.In addition: \xa0The people who work for Bolt Bus are intelligent and personable. The folks hired to check your ticket and get you on the bus are able to handle every wacky thing that gets thrown at them. \xa0They're organized, so it's not a chaotic mess even though you're waiting on the street in NYC. \xa0And in Boston, you get to line up indoors in neat rows. Takes away a lot of the anxiety of competition for seats. The drivers are personable and experienced. \xa0They're ON TIME. \xa0(Big difference from MegaBus, which I advise avoiding.) \xa0The buses are clean and comfortable enough, some have seatbelts and WiFi. \xa0Bus travel is never lovely, but Bolt Bus makes it as lovely as it possibly can be, especially for the price.", 'stars': '5', 'usefull_likes': '1'}
{'review': 'I was punched in the face by my Bolt Bus driver, and shoved by other employees? My crime? I showed up 15 minutes before hand, and demanded to get on the bus I paid for. It seems the NYC employees sell the tickets an hour in advance, despite the pre-paid tickets and pocket the cash. Corporate is well aware, and does not care. BUYER BEWARE! YOUR SAFETY IS AT RISK!', 'stars': '5', 'usefull_likes': '2'}
{'review': 'I am writing this review from the 4th row on the bus coming back from DC right now. \xa0Really great experience going to and from. \xa0We are making great time right now (we just passed the bus that left an hour before us), and we were exactly on time going down to DC. \xa0The drivers are quirky and funny, and for the most part, everyone on the bus is respectful. \xa0Getting on is a little crazy (I was actually shoved out of the way by an older woman), but one of the smartest things you could do is be about 15 minutes early. \xa0I will def take the Bolt again, and hope to one day grab a $1 ticket.', 'stars': '1', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "Bolt Bus just started to Boston. What's there to say?The buses are new, big, comfortable, have clean bathrooms, free wi-fi, and outlets on the back of each seat!Add the fact that the earlier you book, the cheaper the ticket and you just end up with perfection. It's cheaper than Lucky Star and Fung Wah and a ten times better experience. I rode on the new service to Boston and loved it. Our driver on the way up was fun, nice, and kind. The driver on the way back was a little bit confused on procedure and route but I think that's because they JUST added the Boston leg. All in all though...as for now...Bolt Bus is the only way I roll to Boston. Period.", 'stars': '1', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "BoltBus customer service has really gone downhill over the years. BoltBus's employees used to be great, and I used to consider BoltBus the Southwest Airlines of bus travel - cheap, tongue in cheek, and personable. However, their current employees are surly, rude, and flagrantly fail to follow company policy. When they fail to follow company policy, it appears to be racially motivated. For example, I was once standing in line as a standby passenger along with ten or more other passengers. When a young African-American couple arrived late as standby passengers, the BoltBus representative allowed them to board first. This is just one of many such experiences and observations.", 'stars': '4', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "I took BoltBus to DC to visit a friend, it worked out very well, the pick up is extremely convenient and accessible, the drop off is extremely convenient and accessible -- there was a bit of a delayed stop in Baltimore, but otherwise everything was fine... I took BoltBus to Philadelphia twice for concerts at Kimmel Center, the first time smoothly on the way there but on the way back the bus' battery wouldn't start for awhile, and the second trip went well on the way there but in the middle of the return trip the bus' batter completely died and we all had to sit on the side of the road for about 30 minutes until another bus (which, on its way back from another route, luckily, crossed paths with ours) came to pick us up -- there was no room for our luggage, and some of us had to stand because there were no more seats, but thankfully this wasn't as unpleasant as it could've been... The driver was friendly... I avoided the bathroom... A viable alternative to Amtrak and Septa and NJTransit, definitely preferable to Fung Wah... A terrific bargain!", 'stars': '3', 'usefull_likes': '6'}
{'review': "Every mode of transportation has had its golden age but the bus has long been regarded as the transportation choice for the impoverished and aerophobic. Bolt bus is reinventing bus travel just as Jetblue has done for the aviation industry. Each trip has one seat priced at $1 and I was lucky enough to get it. I paid $2.50 for round trip tickets to Philadelphia. For that price I didn't know what to expect but I was pleasantly surprised by the quality of service. The bus had Wi-fi and power plugs for your electronic equipment. If you're lucky enough to snag a seat up front you can plug in the macbook and widdle your time away IMing people. Did I mention the legroom? They offer a generous amount of space so even the tallest person won't feel cramped. I don't know if bus bathrooms usually have sinks but this one didn't. They only offered a bottle of antibacterial wash. If you're a germaphobe use the bathroom before you get on and go on a no liquid diet. Our bus driver Bill was super friendly and helped people on and off the bus. I have a new appreciation for the bus and will gladly travel with Bolt bus again.", 'stars': '5', 'usefull_likes': '1'}
{'review': 'Beware false advertising for Wi-Fi - doesn\'t always workIf you are choosing Bolt Bus because of its advertised free Wi-Fi service, beware. The company considers this service optional and does NOT have it on all buses. Apparently Bolt is in no hurry to make it available, either.If you are counting on it (say to do critical email work during the time you are traveling) and it doesn\'t work, the driver will just shrug and say that it doesn\'t work on all buses. If you contact Customer Service and request a partial refund or other compensation, you will be refered to their disclaimer: "Plug in and Wi-Fi disclaimer: BoltBus makes every effort to provide these services free of charge to every passenger. However, if for whatever reason the service is unavailable we are unable to supply a refund." (Clearly not every effort was made if the driver is used to it, however...) If you are absolutely counting on being able to work on your trip, you\'ll have to travel Vamoose Gold. DC2NY also advertises WiFi (don\'t know how reliable it is).That said, Bolt is fairly reliable when it comes to leaving on time and their drivers don\'t drive like maniacs like some of the other (faster) buses.', 'stars': '2', 'usefull_likes': '3'}
{'review': 'there\'s wifi, electrical outlets and a clean(er) bathroom - also our driver referred to us by "family." it definitely beat traveling via the chinatown bus.', 'stars': '4', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "Spacious , nice seats, comfortable, more leg room than most buses and clean. They have outlets on the back of there seats , so you can charge your phone , use your lab top and etc . They also have wi fi on the bus. I take bolt bus from cherry hill mall,new jersey (close to philly) and its a pretty smooth ride(about hour and half trip). People on the bus are always calm and quite, its safe to put your bags under the bus or take a nap on the ride. You can also have your ticket text to your phone and just show the driver your text before getting on the bus . Of course bolt bus is always a little late like any other bus , but the wait isn't that bad , its not ridiculous. there's no customer service , no number to call if you have a complaint, so if you have any issue's with the bus , oh well , lol. You have to book your tickets online. Tickets sell out fast (especially on the weekend) and the bus only runs like 7 times a day, so try to book one the day before. The last bus (to/from) nyc is always pretty early like around 6pm or 7pm. If you book your ticket the day before or the same day , expect to pay $10 - $15. If you want a super deal you have to book about a week in advance and you will probably find tickets ranging $2 - $8. The bus stops on spring st in soho and 34th and 8th ave , so bolt is GOOD IF YOU WANT TO DO A SHOPPING TRIP IN NYC . *Personally , I think bolt is a little better than mega bus (which is in the same price range). Its cleaner , rides better and more space. Mega bus runs buses until about 10pm (to/from philly) so that is the only advantage over bolt .Bolt is MUCH cleaner , organized , professional, spacious and safer than the chinatown buses to/from philly (also in the same price range). Bolt even has better drop off / pick up locations. The advantage the chinatown buses have is that they run frequent (about every half hour ) until midnight and the tickets are $20 cash round trip with no reservations.", 'stars': '3', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "as a graduate student of modest means who has a parent and a boyfriend in boston, and a mother and 2 siblings in the philly area, i am a *very* frequent user of bolt bus. and it's been a godsend. around $15, sometimes less if you plan far enough ahead, for trips from midtown to boston, philly, and even cherry hill, NJ (great for those of us with family in the south jersey suburbs). if you sign up on their website, and log in when you buy tickets, the 8th ride is free, no matter what the price. as for the ride itself: the bus is comfortable, clean, consistently has outlets on each seat, and has moderately functional wifi...and...a CLEAN bathroom, complete with hand sanitizer. the drivers are generally genial and usually communicate important info over the loudspeakers, and are safe drivers. bolt seems also to attract a less seedy/sketchy crowd than other buses i've taken in the past. the situation that compelled me to finally write this review is the amazing customer service i got after absent-mindedly leaving my jacket on one of their buses in NYC. on any other bus line, i am certain that that jacket would have been trashed, sold on canal street, ritualistically burned........but i called bolt to notify them that i'd left something behind, and they had the bus driver drop the coat off at their headquarters in secaucus, NJ. they gave me the option of picking it up at the office, or meeting another bus driver in midtown, who would take the jacket with him en route to midtown. i decided to go to secaucus, and called the bolt office a couple times to verify directions, etc...both times i called, i was treated very well over the phone and given good directions. the office was clean and well-run, and my jacket was safe and sound in a lost-and-found closet, actually labelled with my name on it. i was floored by such a high caliber of customer service from a discount bus company. bolt, you own my heart.", 'stars': '5', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': 'I really like the BoltBus website: its calm, soothing graphics, the excitement of receiving a ticket in the "A" group (first on the bus! yes!), the satisfaction of coming two trips closer to my free BoltRewards trip. The actual BoltBus experience on an average Friday night is completely different: hundreds of grumpy customers crammed together on a 34th Street sidewalk in front of Sbarros, pizza smells drifting out of the vent, angry bicyclists shoving their way through the crowds, one lone BoltBus employee vainly trying to impose order on the chaos, with nary an actual bus in sight. Granted, trying to get out of the city on Friday night we\'re kind of asking for it, but the last two times I\'ve taken Bolt from New York to DC were complete and total chaos. The buses were over two hours late (yes, traffic is bad, but shouldn\'t they know that by now and plan ahead?) and rather than the orderly, letter-by-letter boarding system the website suggests, it\'s just a massive free-for-all of people who have been waiting a really long time on a crowded New York street. 34th and 8th is probably the worst possible place in the city to hold up traffic to try to get lots of people on buses. The most recent time, after rolling into DC two and a half hours after we were supposed to, I arrived three minutes early for my departing bus just in time to have them literally close the bus doors in my face. I had to wait for the next one, which came a prompt thirty minutes later. They then had the nerve to distribute customer service surveys with no address for where to send them, no option for completing them online, and the instructions to "give them to the driver the next time we took Bolt" - yeah, right. I keep using Bolt hoping my experiences have been flukes, but the fact is that their whole model is built on zero customer service anywhere except on the bus itself. There\'s no Bolt office, no number to call for help, nada. The ride is pretty good, although the internet often cuts in and out, making it impossible to load streaming video. Sure, this is more comfortable than Fung Wah once you\'re on the bus, but at least Fung Wah gets you there on time and makes no pretenses about being slick and efficient. For future trips to DC, I\'m sticking with the hassle-free Megabus, which loads out of a parking lot in front of an actual Megabus office (makes sense, doesn\'t it?) and doesn\'t pretend to have a three-tiered boarding system.', 'stars': '2', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': 'The BoltBus waits for no one! I arrived like 3 minutes late at Tick Tock for my trip to Boston and my bus was already gone. \xa0They are serious about their time. \xa0The cool thing was that 15 minutes later, another one arrived and as I was scouring through my purse for my ticket, the driver just smiled and waved me on. \xa0Probably because I was holding up the line, but I\'d like to think it was because I had a nice face.I went to the back of the bus and spread out my shit as rudely as I could (I don\'t like people sitting next to me). \xa0All the college aged kids found seats with one older man sticking out like a sore thumb. \xa0Clearly the BoltBus is marketed towards young people. \xa0I took out my laptop and starting nerdin\' it up on gchat trying to plan my Boston weekend. \xa0Then I watched a movie. \xa0All this...on a bus!The driver\'s name was "Crash" and at one point he got confused because the GPS wasn\'t working so he asked if anyone knew the directions to the bus station. \xa0Haha. \xa0Ridiculous...but entertaining nonetheless. \xa0On my way back to NYC I took the 7am bus and slept the entire time. \xa0I wasn\'t so lucky to have the row all to myself but I made friends with a girl who was like 19. \xa0She made me realize that I\'m getting too old for the smudged eyeliner/hungover look...but then again, she still had zits.', 'stars': '5', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "The phone customer service blows ass, but the bus and the service itself is GREAT! Spacious, cozy, AND they have internet and power outlets too! And best of all it's cheap : about $15-$20 one way, which is way better than driving (tolls alone to go to DC or Baltimore are almost $30, not to mention gas money)", 'stars': '4', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': 'These boltbus folks are so random - if there is not a sufficient number of people, they will outright cancel the bus without telling you. \xa0This happened on the morning of 7/25. \xa0 Two buses that were scheduled before 10:45 were cancelled and all the folks waiting in front of Sbarro\'s had to wait to take the bus that came at 10:45 (which was actually the 10:30 am one). \xa0This was the one headed to Greenbelt/baltimore. \xa0The women who were checking the tickets were extremely rude to everyone and started cursing when a few of the passengers said boltbus had serious issues. \xa0On the way to the destination, the driver was talking on the phone continuously and not paying any attention to the passengers who came up to the booth to ask him questions. \xa0At one point this college kid went up to ask him when the bus would get to the destination because his brother was going to pick him up at Baltimore but was short on time or something. \xa0Driver goes "what?" \xa0The kid repeats himself. \xa0Driver goes "I have no idea. \xa0We left 30 minutes late so you do the calculation. \xa0I have no idea." You drive this bus everyday and you have no idea? Driver has no freaking clue. \xa0College kid just walks back to his seat but the folks that have been watxhing this interaction including me are all shaking our heads at this rudeness. Now the next day (7/26) I am taking the boltbus back to nyc and all of a sudden in the middle of the highway the bus stops. \xa0The driver says we are waiting for a passenger coming up from new jersey. \xa0What the heck? \xa0Driver was very matter of fact when he said this so this seems to happen quite often, but this is freaking crazy. \xa0About fifteen minutes later, some car pulls up behind the bus and this young black woman with two kids get on. \xa0Who is this woman and why did 30 people on the bus have to waste time like this? \xa0Really shady and annoying for people who dont have such time to burn and who woke up earlier in order to be on time.This will be my last time on boltbus and I hope I get to Nyc without experiencing anything more negative.', 'stars': '1', 'usefull_likes': '2'}
{'review': "Bolt Bus is a clear example of getting what you pay for. I love that I paid $8 for this ticket. I don't love that the internet is super slow/nonfunctional, that I always add on 2 hours to my anticipated arrival time since I have literally never been under an hour late, and now the new wrinkle - going through New Jersey to get from NYC to Boston. We left the usual spot by Tick Tock, but then went to Jersey, north, and over the GW bridge, back through Manhattan, and then on our way to Boston. I get wanting to skip the headache of driving through Manhattan, and completely support it. However, can we just make the Bolt Bus pick-up spot at 125th Street? That seems to make so much sense.", 'stars': '2', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': 'Affordable, efficient, and convenient. My friend and I took the Bolt Bus for our two day trips to Philly and then Boston the following weekend. They were prompt with pick up and drop off times, the seats were relatively comfortable, and the drivers were friendly.', 'stars': '4', 'usefull_likes': '2'}
{'review': "It's gone from a great \xa0service to a por one. It left nyc to phili late on what is clearly an old Greyhound bus with no wi fi; with the driver on his cell phone much of the way. Greyhound ruins everything it touches. It now makes tow stops in nyc before leaving. Arrived way late.", 'stars': '2', 'usefull_likes': '4'}
{'review': "Compared to Megabus, the seats are much more comfortable and the Wi-Fi works a lot better (in other words, it actually works). Curiously, there are only outlets on about half the seats, so keep an eye out for them if you need to plug something in. I wish I could fully endorse Boltbus, but unfortunately the driver decided to take a fairly curious route from Boston to New York. He must like being in traffic, because for whatever reason he took 91 to 95 and then went down 5th Ave through the heart of Manhattan, rather than 84 west to 684 south and coming down the west side. I'm pretty sure he unnecessarily added about an hour to the trip. Megabus was much more efficient. So now I have to choose between efficiency and comfort... Damn. I guess I'll give Boltbus another shot and hope to get a smarter driver next time.", 'stars': '3', 'usefull_likes': '1'}
{'review': 'Clean, quick and overall great. The wifi can be spotty at times but hey, at least they have it, for free. We were refunded one leg of our trip due to our scheduled bus being cancelled due to inclement weather. We hopped on a bolt bus about 30 minutes after our originally scheduled departure and still made the trip with little delay. We were running late as well so it was like clockwork.', 'stars': '5', 'usefull_likes': '2'}
{'review': "It's really affordable only costing at the most 16 one way from philly to NYC. \xa0ItS good to use to get from place to place. \xa0It is not a good idea to use Boltbus if you are in a rush. \xa0The bus could run onetime but sometimes you hit traffic, or the driver goes the wrong way and then makes your trip longer.", 'stars': '3', 'usefull_likes': '3'}
{'review': 'Only rode Bolt bus twice in my life, but after my experience yesterday (11/3/13) I would not recommend them. \xa0The bus driver yesterday on the 2:45pm from Baltimore to Newark, NJ was incredibly rude. \xa0He kept yelling at people and when I asked what to do with my luggage, instead of helping, he shouted that I should put it in the storage area under ther bus. \xa0There were a lot of people standing around the area which made it difficult. (not to mention that anyone could have walked off with the luggage) Then he gave some woman alot of grief over her ticket and wouldnt let her on the bus. Although she had the printout with the comfirmation # on it. \xa0When I tried to help, he shooed me away. He finally let her on, but made her pay again. \xa0I suggested to the woman to call the Bolt Bus # on ticket which she did and I hope she was able to get her money back. \xa0I was seriously afraid that the driver would throw me off the bus if I continued to help. He directed most of his rudeness to this woman. I went on to the website as I wanted to file a complaint, but the "contact us" link did not work. I\'d really rather give it zero stars.', 'stars': '1', 'usefull_likes': '2'}
{'review': "besides waiting for your bus refugee style, boltbus certainly delivers.the seats are comfy, there's plugs for your computer and cellphone - and they said there's free wifi (i dont like bringing my computer on trips, so i cant vouch for this)i would certainly bolt again.", 'stars': '5', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': 'Oh, Bolt Bus, was I too harsh on you? \xa0I doubted you both trips and you\'ve proven me wrong each time. Keep in mind, I was a huge skeptic, especially since my friend swears by the Chinatown buses. I\'ve ridden them as well and thought they were decent. My first trip up to Boston on the Bolt Bus started out fine. I arrived at \xa034th and 8th 40 minutes early, just in time to watch the bus to Philly board. \xa0There was a couple that couldn\'t let each other go and the bus driver and representative were nice enough to give them space and time to be lovey dovey (awkward for all of us standing there) and I thought to myself "how nice of them to wait." Of course 9:29 came and they were still holding on to each other so I totally understood when the bus driver yelled to the guy "Are you stayin\' or leavin?" Couldn\'t blame the bus driver, he had a 9:30 departure and they were waiting for the boyfriend to get on.My bus was the 10 am bus which would have been right after rush hour. A line formed behind me and I anxiously glanced at my watch every 5 minutes because it was already 9:45 with and nobody got on yet. \xa0The bus driver of the parked bus was resting inside with the Bolt bus representative that checked the tickets. Little did we (the crowd of 50 or so people) know that our bus was the one that arrived at 9:50 and the line buckled as people crowded to try to get on the bus. This is where I was thankful that BB has a letter system for people to get on so that nobody was pushing against each other. I\'m all for "First come first serve" but I\'ve seen that nobody gives a **** about that and run to the front. This boarding was civilized at least. The driver was very courteous and helped this elderly woman aboard first - she\'s blind. When we got on, our driver "Big D." greeted us .. told us that we were welcome to approach him about internet or climate issues - again, nice. He also stressed the importance of using cell phones with a low voice and as short as possible which is awesome because that trip was the first bus trip where there was no obnoxious person on the cell phone 90% of the time. \xa0The trip up was pleasant. I slept comfortably on the leather reclined seat. The bus didn\'t smell and a lot of people went to the bathroom. The only time it smelled was when somebody farted .. that was unpleasant. Last thing about my trip up: So our bus starts off from the city and I see that we are going into the lincoln tunnel. My first thought was "Jersey? You\'ve got to be kidding me. I\'ve made the trip up to New England so many times.. It\'s so much faster to go through Queens!" \xa0I was so convinced that we\'d be running late and I was worried about my connection train. Bless Big D! He got us to Boston (Even going through Jersey on the Garden State Pkwy) EARLIER than was scheduled. Heck, it was only 7 minutes earlier, but 7 minutes early is still pretty good. Just in case you thought that was a fluke, let me tell you about my trip back: I took the 3:00 pm bus back from Boston to NY. That trip was packed! \xa0I would recommend getting your tickets ahead to get a seat. My driver on this trip had a thick accent and wasn\'t as charming as the first driver but he\'s one who proved me wrong. The 3 pm departure meant that we would hit rush hour in NY. I wasn\'t sure if BB takes the same route but when I saw signs for the George Wash Bridge, I groaned. G. Wash is a death trap into the city. \xa0Then our driver went local in the Bronx. We were scheduled for a 7:15 arrival at 34th st. This Bolt bus went on the Bruckner and Lexington Ave all the way down to our destination. I was SURE we\'d be late this time. \xa0I peeked that the FDR was hardly moving but Lex ave has all these lights...Nope, we got to 34th early again. 4-5 minutes early. I was so impressed and so were other passengers. I saw two of them shake our driver\'s hands.I\'m so satisfied that Bolt bus will be my primary mode of transportation to Boston from now on. I just need to get that ticket a week or so earlier to get it at $14 or $10. perks: Roomy with a foot rest and a cup holder. notes/warnings:No movie, which is fine with me. I was just surprised because if there were tv screens, I thought there would be movies. Freezing cold on the trip back. I would totally suggest to Bolt Bus to add the tables on the back of the seats, just like the airplane set up. It would totally add to the convenience factor. Figure out a way to make sure that the outlet in your seating area works. Mine didn\'t on the way back but I didn\'t use my computer as much.', 'stars': '5', 'usefull_likes': '3'}
{'review': "I have taken pretty much every form of transportation there is from New York to Boston for weekend trips. With so many options, I would think that Bolt Bus would have a better system to make customers happy. The A B C zone seating system is disoriganized and doesnt make sense for a regular bus with no seating assignments. Not to mention when the attendant made us line up by zone, there were several C's that had been there much longer than me but had to go to the back of the C line. I understand this sort of boarding if there is a seat assignement but for a regular bus with 2 rows of 2 seats each, it should be first come, first served.", 'stars': '2', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "Spoke to BoltBus and they were very helpful. They told us that the drivers are never supposed to stop in the middle of the drive (It's against company policy) and then gave us credit for 2 new rides. As long as they don't stop, we're good with them.", 'stars': '3', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "I was in NYC for a few days and had to go to Boston at end of the trip, I originally planned to take the train but \xa0read about BoltBus on yelp so gave it a try. \xa0 Bus left a 2pm sharp and arrived in Boston's South Station at 7pm, nearly the entire trip was in driving rain and heavy traffic so being only 45 minutes late was not bad at all. \xa0The driver did a great job and the outlets for cell phone and laptop (with wifi) was a great. \xa0 \xa0As our tip was afternoon midweek we only had about 15 people on the bus, I think a full bus would not be all that pleasant, but I would do it again. \xa0 \xa0 Definitely beat taking shuttle from JFK to Logan.", 'stars': '1', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': 'I have to say I was a little bit skeptical at first about the whole "Bolt for a Buck" thing, and while I didn\'t even get a 1 dollar fare I have to say I\'m completely convinced. The bus was exactly 20 minutes early, the bus driver was extremely friendly, and the idea of free wifi and power outlets in every seat is really good. I really enjoyed being able to power through 2 movies and read up on some blogs and such. Obviously wifi on a bus, or any moving vehicle for that matter, is going to be broadcast over a cell network and is therefore no good for streaming movies and tv shows (hulu isn\'t going to work) but since I wasn\'t expecting that I had a really good experience. No qualms whatsoever about the bus, very quiet, spotless, excellent driver.', 'stars': '5', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "Sweet deal, though it's not really in Chinatown, as far as I know. I have taken the Bolt Bus from NYC (near Penn.) to both Boston and D.C. several times. Every now and then you might get a hokey driver, bad Internet connection, or an annoying bro behind you chatting on his phone the whole time, but for the most part... it's smooth sailing. I like Bolt Bus too because the tickets actually sell out, as opposed to Peter Pan, who sells more tickets than seats and just tells the customers to get there early. Kind of bogus if you ask me. You still should get to the Bolt Bus line early though, especially since there is no real organization once the bus rolls in. Everyone kind of just huddles around and waits for their letter to be called. If you book early, you will hopefully get either an A or a B, which is called first. Also, tickets are cheaper if you book ahead... like, $1-$10 a ticket. Seriously.", 'stars': '5', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "I've taken BoltBus several times but I thought it was time to write about it. \xa0I'm specifically writing about my recent trip from NYC to DC leaving on a Saturday morning and returning on a Sunday afternoon. \xa0Things I love about BoltBus:1) Loyalty Program: Buy 8 tickets you get one free. \xa0If you take the bus frequently, this chops off $2-3 off each ticket.2) Priority Boarding: You buy your tickets ahead of time, you get to board first! \xa0And if you're in the loyalty program, you get to board first no matter when you buy your ticket. \xa0Granted, they don't do the priority boarding 100% of the time, but it's nice when they do. \xa0And knowing that you've got a reserved seat on the bus and will never get bumped off is an added bonus.3) COMFY seats! \xa0I had taken Megabus on a couple of recent trips and was really not liking the hardness of the seats and little leg room. \xa0Boltbus has leather seats and a ton of leg room.4) Extras: \xa0Like A/C adapters and wireless internet. \xa0And when I arrived to my 1:30PM bus at 1PM, I was allowed to board the 1PM bus anyway along with a couple of other people, after all of the 1PM folks boarded. \xa0Granted the driver did not allow this on my departing trip so this must not be a normal occurrence.5) Affordable fares: The earlier you book, the cheaper it will be, but fares don't go above the low $20s for DC. \xa0Very nice.Unfortunately we hit traffic there and back so each way took about 5 hours (a bit longer than usual) and we made no rest stops and had no movie. \xa0But considering how comfortable I was in my seat, I really did not mind! \xa0Just make sure you bring a small snack and something to entertain yourself and you'll be set. \xa0:)", 'stars': '4', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "It's now been 4+ rides on Bolt and it is still way more enjoyable than Peter Pan, which I had to take last night as Bolt was sold out. \xa0One of the drivers is a goofball and tried to tell us on the trip from DC that we were taking a 30 minute break (which of course freaked everyone out) but overall, I have almost zero complaints. \xa0And that guy is funny so I can't really hold it against him.", 'stars': '4', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "I hate the bus. Realy, I hate it with all my heart but Bolt did soften my heart up a bit. \xa0I mean, I paid $1 for one ticket and $10 for the other and got myself from NYC to Boston all in one piece. \xa0The arrival spot in Boston (South Station) is great but I find the NYC location to be a bit of a pain. \xa0Our driver drove all the way up Manhattan through the Bronx to get on 95...couldn't Bolt have created the stop at 125th street to avoid 45 minutes of driving through Manhattan? \xa0Sure the 34th Street location is convenient for public transportation but why not have an uptown option too to cut what can be the longest part of the trip.The WiFi on board sucked (I tried it both directions but it was ridiculously slow) but overall it was a decent ride. \xa0If I actually liked taking buses then Bolt would be the way to go!", 'stars': '4', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "People mentioned the mythical dollar fare deal. I usually get that dollar deal and it's pretty awesome to know my roundtrip ticket for a daytrip away from NYC comes to a grand total of $2.50.", 'stars': '4', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': 'I took the Bolt Bus last week round trip from NYC to Boston. \xa0The bus going up was fine - the driver ("Mr George") was professional and courteous. \xa0The ride back was a NIGHTMARE. \xa0The driver took a phone call while on the Mass Pike - and talked for a long time until I complained. \xa0He was opening and shutting his window the whole trip, listening to the radio very loudly, eating, \xa0and then the worst was when HE WAS TEXTING ON I-95!!! \xa0When we called him on that, he pulled over to finish his text. \xa0 \xa0I am just astounded that Bolt or any bus line would have him as a driver.', 'stars': '3', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "First let me say, I am not a small man, but I do not consider myself fat. But i am tall (6'4) with some weight on me (275). I want to start off saying this because I had no discomfort whatsoever on my R/T from Newark, NJ to Dc whatsoever. I have no complaints and I am sure my praises could fill up two reviews. But I will try to condense it. First, my trip to DC at 8:15 AM in the morning. The bus was on time, spotless, great temperature and perfect tint on windows for view and shade. The passengers were quiet and respectful, using earphones and carrying on no loud or obnoxious conversation (cough, cough, Greyhound/Chinatown buses). \xa0The suspension on the bus was like a Lexus, I lie to you not. Smooth ride and great handling. We stopped in Baltimore, picked up a few people and i arrived in DC rested and happy. \xa0I could not believe my trip could get any better. But we had a driver who could have been an airline pilot. He introduced himself, told us about the trip and the stop (to Bmore), told us we would only stop if he needed to use the restroom and he would do his best to get us there on time. This gentleman's name was Armando and I will be writing to Bolt about his courteousness and professionalism. \xa0This bus looked like it just rolled off of the assembly line a few days ago. The seats were leather (maybe faux leather or vinyl, but leaps and bounds above any bus seats I have seen). And I swear there was more room on this bus than my trip to DC. And like I said, i am a big guy and my trip down was most relaxing and very comfortable. I had no seatmate from DC to Newark. I watched Spiderman on my portable DVD player and ate my sub from Potbellies. \xa0It was 45 minutes late arriving but this was in DC traffic on 95 north on a \xa0Sunday. This route has been bad for my 35 years of travelling it. \xa0Paying only 45 round trip allowed me to stay in a nice hotel, see a great play, and eat the most scrumptious BBQ in our nation's capitol. \xa0This was such a pleasurable travelling experience. \xa0On a final note, I see many complaints about the bathroom. I cannot believe folks depend on buses for reliable bathroom service. Didn't you learn anything growing up? \xa0Always, always use Bathroom before you board bus, even if you do not have to use it. Just stand or sit there for 5 to 10 minutes and try. If you do not have the patience, then use restroom at your own peril. \xa0I have no idea what the inside of a bus toilet looks like and I do not care to know. This is a Bus and the septic tank is right below you so you know it is going to smell. PROSPolite Bus driverAmple room for a big guyQuiet and peaceful travel experienceClean and super modern coachesOn Time, On Time, On Time!!Cheap tickets+Comfy bus= More $$$ upon arrival", 'stars': '4', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': 'I decided to use BoltBus due to the safety concerns of using a Chinatown bus (hell it would have been cheaper but I might have NOT gotten back alive). Buying a round trip ticket to Philadelphia was easy enough online. Even signed up for their rewards program (you get to board the bus first and get first choice on seats). I somehow lost the email confirmations of the boarding times of the trips. I still had the text message that has the required confirmation numbers needed to board the bus so I figured I would be ok. I line up when my group was called (first group) and then the bus driver tells me I signed up for the wrong bus. I asked him are you sure and I scroll down the text message in case there were more confirmation numbers. He still says I have the wrong bus. I called customer service and thank god they were open. They resent me all the receipts/reservation info via email and I showed \xa0the bus driver again. He finally let me on. I later check the confirmation numbers on the emails versus the text message - THEY WERE THE SAME. The only difference was that there was NO boarding time on the text message. I almost didn\'t make it...maybe the bus driver needed some glasses - despite the fact that I showed him the numbers TWICE! WTF!By this time, all stand bys and everyone ELSE has boarded the bus. Luckily I found a seat next to some b***ch who kept her bag in the middle of the seat the whole way. She had her music on real loud (we were 2 rows behind the bus driver). I\'m real shaken by what happened with the boarding situation so I\'m a nice quiet passenger who doesn\'t say anything. The bus driver pulls into a rest stop in the middle of the trip and announces to everyone, "If I can hear your music, it\'s too loud, if it continues I will pull over again and have a state trooper remove you". I\'m pretty sure he was referring the stupid lady next to me...But wow, what an easily distracted (and potentially needs glasses) bus driver!!! I totally understand the music was sort of loud but what happens if something more distracting comes your way? Will the bus be swerving because of maybe some bird poop flies on your windshield? What if there are passengers who are constantly coughing or blowing their nose? We finally get off to our destination (after the b**ch turns down her music) \xa0and throughout the day I\'m worried about my return trip. I get on the return bus without a hitch. Thank goodness! I tried to plug in my phone charger into one of the seat adapters but it didn\'t work. Hell I was happy to just BE on the bus at that point. All in all (despite my rant) the bus looked clean, didn\'t smell, had good AC and a functioning toilet.', 'stars': '4', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': 'I used to travel between Boston and NYC practically every weekend for the last 1.5 years. I usually take Lucky Star or Fung Wah. Last week, I decided to take Bolt Bus back home (Boston to NYC) and I was very pleased with the bus -- wider seats, more leg room, electrical outlets to plug in my laptop and phone, and wifi (which was actually kinda slow). If you\'ve read my reviews for Lucky Star and Fung Wah, I don\'t need the wider seat as I end up laying down if I have a row to myself and even if I don\'t, I can fit in the seat just fine. However, as a tall person, the leg room is a huge plus.Unlike Fung Wah and Lucky Star, Bolt Bus doesn\'t make any pit stops for food or the bathroom, but I really don\'t mind because it just gets me to my destination 15-20 minutes sooner (not a huge difference, I guess, but it\'s still a plus).I didn\'t get a chance to inspect (or use) the bathroom. Most bathrooms on buses are pretty stinky. I\'m kinda hoping Bolt Bus keeps theirs clean and ventilated, but I can\'t say anything about it since I didn\'t use it. If it\'s el terrible like the other bus services, then I would really prefer to stop at a rest area to use a bathroom.I\'d give them a five just for these reasons, but I don\'t like how they don\'t have an office or anything -- in either Boston or NYC. Basically, passengers who purchase tickets online get to board first. I\'m not sure if all seats are available online or just some, and then the rest of the seats go to walk-ups. For example, let\'s say there are 50 seats on the bus. Do they make 40 tickets available online and then they leave 10 seats for customers who walk up to the rep to buy tickets?When I was in NYC, it was SO damn chaotic. Everyone who had a ticket got to board first. Then there was a waiting list for walk-ups. If ticketed passengers failed to arrive before departure, people on the waiting list were allowed to fill in the empty seats. The thing is, like I said, I don\'t know if the tickets you order online are for ALL the seats on the bus. The woman who was reading out names wasn\'t speaking very loud, so it was hard to hear if you were in the back or at the end of the line, plus there was also traffic and people all around. Kinda noisy. I think maybe 3 people got on. I wasn\'t able to hear how many names she called out. \xa0I\'m ASSUMING that she would only read enough names to fill in the available seats. It sounded like she called like 7 names, but I could only see like only 3 people getting on. I was in the middle of the crowd, though, so I could be wrong. So assuming these numbers are correct, does this mean 7 people didn\'t show up, or were these the seats that were available for walk-ups... or a combination of both?It\'d be sweet if some seats were reserved for walk-up customers. Someone waiting in line told me that the tickets for all departures on that day were sold out since the middle of the week (this was a few days ago, on Sunday).Anyway, they only get 4 stars because it seemed so chaotic. There is obviously SOME order, but it could be more organized. The rep was walking around and being bombarded by people looking for tickets and the right bus to take (there was another one to Philly). She had to take down names on the waiting list and point people in the right direction. If they had a little booth, even if it\'s just a temporary setup, it would be a lot more helpful because we\'d know where to find the rep and there wouldn\'t be such a crowd of people scrambling around, trying to find someone to talk to. Basically, the experienced customers helped the new people out.Considering how few people got on and the fact that it seemed like people on the waiting list had to wait right up until the departure time to see if they could get on, I figured my chances of boarding a bus were slim. There were 15 other people waiting with me. It was already 4pm. It\'s a 4 hour ride back to Boston with ideal weather and traffic conditions. If we got lucky and a few people didn\'t make their bus, we\'d still end up waiting a while to get to Boston. I decided, "FUCK THIS." I called Lucky Star and they said they had a 4:30 bus (it was 4:02). I couldn\'t get there for that one, but I knew that they\'d have a 5 o\'clock bus, too, which was excerrent. Bolt Bus doesn\'t have as many departures as the Chinatown buses (there was a 4 o\'clock bus and then a 5:30 bus, boo). I said to this out-of-towner that I made small talk with that it looked like we weren\'t getting on any time soon and that I was heading to Chinatown. She asked if she could come with me. We got there for the 5 o\'clock bus and it was $5 cheaper. Even though we spent $2 for the subway, we still saved three bucks.Chinatown bus in this case = winnar!I\'ll post another review (this one is too long to add an update, sadface) if I ever take it again. This was my first experience trying to take it from NYC to Boston. Boston to NYC was easier, but it also wasn\'t busy. I\'m sure it\'ll be chaos if it were busier.', 'stars': '1', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "If there was a Boltbus out of LA i would take it every chance possible. \xa0$15 bucks for a one-way trip--4 hours later we were in Boston. \xa0The Boltbus picked us up conveniently on the corner of 34th and 8th at Tick Tock Diner. \xa0Bus was empty so i had a row to myself and was able to sleep the whole way from NY to Boston. \xa0I loved that each row had its own set of plugs so I was able to charge my phone. \xa0The bus even has free Wi-Fi--so cool! \xa0My only complaint was the bus was uncomfortably cold..I would take away a star but our bus driver was super cool so I'll still give Boltbus 5 stars!", 'stars': '5', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "I've never been on the fung wah, lucky star, apex or mega bus but I have been on greyhound.I have taken many a death trips on greyhound to Philly. But here I am sitting \xa0nice and comfy cozy on a Bolt Bus on my way to philly and I couldn't be more happy. A great ride, free wifi the whole way and recession friendly prices.I have no negatives what so ever. Will absolutely take it again!", 'stars': '2', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': 'Took Bolt Bus for the first time over the holidays. \xa0Some pros and cons.Pros:-- Relatively on time leaving (not so much on arriving, but hard to tell what traffic will be like and it\'s not like that is Bolt Bus\' fault).-- WiFi rocks.-- Buses are very clean and the drivers seemed to be safe drivers.-- Inexpensive, easy to book, easy to figure out.Cons:-- If you are tall, you\'ll need an aisle seat. \xa0It\'s cramped, although not so much that you\'re incapacitated after a four-hour drive. \xa0I do think airplanes are roomier though, if that says anything. \xa0I think it\'s the shape of the seats, and the fact that the don\'t slope at the bottom like planes do, that make the Bolt Bus seem more cramped.-- If you aren\'t in the A or B group, you\'re gonna get a not-so-hot seat probably. \xa0This isn\'t a problem if you are traveling by yourself, but couples won\'t be able to sit together if they aren\'t A or B (and later Bs will probably have trouble too). \xa0Not really Bolt Bus\' fault, just something to consider.-- This next one is the only one I think Bolt Bus can improve upon (the others are just part of the make-up of the business). \xa0The staff can be kind of surly and rude. \xa0Our driver on the way to DC was awesome -- friendly, nice, concerned about making sure everyone was on the bus after our rest stop. \xa0I can\'t say as much for the staff helping us load yesterday at the DC to NYC stop. \xa0I get that it was a busy day, but people would ask them normal questions and get the absolutely nastiest response. \xa0"Where do I get in line?" \xa0Nasty look and a pointed finger. \xa0"Which bus is this?" \xa0"Which bus does it LOOK LIKE?" \xa0"I have a ticket for the 4:30 but wanted to see if there were seats available on this one." \xa0"Damn, can\'t you people give it a rest??? Go away." \xa0Again, I get that it was a busy day, but the nastiness was WAY over the top and totally unprofessional. \xa0It was the only real black mark I give the service.Overall, I\'ll definitely take Bolt Bus again, I\'ll just make sure I\'m in the A group and get an aisle seat. \xa0:-)', 'stars': '4', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "five. a solid five.free wireless and an ample power supply.it made my 3.5 hour ride to DC fly by! $10 one way.can't beat it. vamoose used to be my jam, but it's bolt bus all the way.", 'stars': '5', 'usefull_likes': '1'}
{'review': 'I prefer Mega Bus and DC to NY, but Bolt Bus is often less expensive on holidays. Bolt Bus was clean, on time, and filled with quiet & respectful passengers. Most of us take the bus instead of the train to save $, and Bolt Bus offers value without weirdness.', 'stars': '5', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "I'm currently on my way to NYC writing this and I'm very impressed with the ride. It's super clean and the seats are in leather or ply-leather. They're just like megabus with wifi access but they also include an outlet;which is very convient. \xa0Most of the passengers are college kids with their laptops. \xa0Cost range from $1 - $20 if u book in advance you'll get \xa0the lowest price.", 'stars': '3', 'usefull_likes': '1'}
{'review': "I returned to give Bolt Bus a try since I had already learned my Cherry Hill/Philadelphia express bus lesson. This time there was a person there to manage all the buses. She clearly yelled where every bus was going, what time slot was loading, and was happy to answer questions. (Turns out I'm not the only person confused by the Cherry Hill bus.) It was a seamless trip. \xa0We hit some traffic and the driver took a route that not only avoided it, but still manged to get us in on time! I have since recommended Bolt Bus to many friends and will continue to do so.", 'stars': '5', 'usefull_likes': '1'}
{'review': 'I\'ve made several trips from NYC to Boston and DC, as two of my closest friends moved to each respective city a couple of years ago. I\'ve taken the Chinatown buses, I\'ve done (sigh) the ever so lovely and yet absolutely overpriced Acela - and this week, I tried out Bolt Bus. I decided to zip up on Tuesday night, and zip back down on Wednesday for a special, last minute event.well... zip might not be the right word. it was more like the slow, agonizing drip out of a frozen bottle of molasses.just like molasses, bolt bus is quite lovely. there\'s ample leg room, comfy, clean chairs and the ever so popular wifi & outlets. both drivers I had were pleasant. on the way up to Boston, we made the customary stop at that horrificly quaint rest stop with the Country Pride diner, which I believe is included in the trip just to remind NY\'ers why we live where we live. (Ever notice how we never stop on the way back to NYC? exactly). the cost and online ticketing convenience is fabulous, and the bus left NYC (and Boston, on the return trip) right on time. I unfortunately HAD to use to the bathroom, and it was surprisingly VERY clean - but be aware that there is no sink, so bring your handwipes or sanitizer.and that\'s where the good ends - when the bus leaves. that\'s primarily because, if you have grown up or lived in NYC for any amount of time, your heart will begin to race nervously as you look out the window and realize that the bus driver is taking LOCAL ROADS INTO THE BRONX. yes, people - that means over 100 blocks of traffic lights. I left midday, on a weekday, with no holiday or significant traffic or construction. it took nearly 1 hour to crossover into the Bronx, starting at 34th & 8th Ave. absolute. nightmare. I didn\'t think it could get any worse - that was, until the return trip, when the driver entered the Bronx/Westchester through a highway/bridge I have never gone on in my 29 years in this area. And with good reason, as it was a 2 lane bridge under VERY obvious long term construction - why would they take that bridge if it\'s been under construction for so long?! and it got even worse as our bus driver took FIFTH AVENUE down to 34th across to 8th Avenue during lunchtime.I could fly to a small village in the hills of Armenia, and ask an old hermit, living secluded in his pomegranate orchard for years, if he thinks that taking Fifth Avenue downtown during lunchtime in the summer is a good idea, and even HE would know to avoid it.I\'m not sure why exactly Bolt Bus doesn\'t take the same route into Brooklyn/Queens the chinatown buses take to get onto Rt. 95, but I\'m certainly going to email them and suggest they communicate with Lucky Star and Fung Wah to get the route from their drivers. or they could just use a GPS. or, common sense. in any case - be forewarned that their "estimated time of arrival" is absolutely incorrect. I arrived in Boston at 6:20, not their time of 5 PM, and I was back in NYC by 2:30ish, not 1:30 PM. although to be fair, they might have meant that we entered New York STATE at those times.', 'stars': '4', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "Simply awesome. What more can you ask for? Totally on time departures/arrivals. Outlets so that I can watch movies on my laptop with crappy battery life during the 4 hour bus ride to Boston, and nice pleather seats that don't itch, not to mention wifi. All for less that $40 for a round trip ticket from nyc to boston. And it's even right next to the subway so I didn't have to cab it back to my apartment. If only all types of transportation had this amazing combo of value and service...", 'stars': '5', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': 'As a frequent and long time traveler up and down the DC, Baltimore, Pihilly, and NYC corridor I was looking forward to a good alternative. \xa0Something cheaper than the way overpriced AMTRAK and more comfortable and less smelly than the typical greyhound or chinatown bus ride. \xa0A friend forwarded a BOLT bus ad to me and I was excited to check it out. \xa0Here are some observations:* AC Outlet was there as promised and actually provided power. \xa0The ergonomics were somewhat questionanble - it was located on the back of the seat in front of me -- but it worked!* the wireless internet did not work. \xa0For the 1st few minutes of the ride it was very slow, then it was gone all together. \xa0Luckilly I had my 3g card ,which when combined with AC outlet let me get some work done while riding. * comfort level sucked big time. \xa0The seats did not lean back at all, the armrest did not go up, the foot rest was too high up, there was no tray on the back of the seat in front of you, nor even a airplane/train style pocket to keep your cell phone, magazine, bottle, etc. \xa0So even though I had AC power it was really uncomfortable to sit and look at laptop screen, and things flying around all over the place was also a distraction. * the bus driver was very rude and extremely unhelpful. \xa0I arrived 10 minutes early and she told me to wait by a light pole. \xa010 minutes later many other peopel arrived and started getting on the bus, the bus drievr just ignored me. \xa0After getting on the bus she yelled at us for a while to make sure everyone was on the right bus. \xa0She passed right by my house and would not stop to let me off, even though she had stopped by 2 other locations in town and asked if anyone wants to get out there. \xa0Overall the price is hard to beat, and the AC outlets are nice, but lets not pretend that riding the bolt bus is at all a pleasant experience. \xa0In fact the well functioning website, pretty decals, and AC outlets, make me think it unfortunate that the operators of this company would not go the extra step to make sure the service they promise actually matches one that they provide.', 'stars': '2', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "Bolt Bus i'm def going to have to give it major props, there's just sometimes i don't feel like getting in my car and driving all the way to a venue, i'm tired and i need to relax or review something before i get to my destination, that's when i look to Bolt Bus. Right now it is def. limited into it's location of where it travels to but hopefully that expands. The cost though is probably what really attracts every1 because it's super cheap, i mean sure it kills me inside to know that the money is going to the Peter Pan Company, b/c they own Bolt, but when i don't have to pay near $35 for a ticket like you do at the counter for Peter Pan/ Greyhound, then it's worth it. I'd say def buy your ticket online, i think it is way cheaper than risking to buy it at the counter for a few $$$ more. Also i thought the ride i took was pretty comfy not bad at all, a little off when it came to time but whatever.", 'stars': '4', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "Over the last several weeks I've had a terrible experience with BoltBus. I left a package (a present for my boyfriend) on the bus. \xa0After calling up their customer service, I was assured that I was a valued customer and that they would do everything in their power to arrange a drop off of the package. \xa0I was told to call the day that I was leaving town and that they would arrange for my bus to swing by their customer service office to pick up the package. \xa0Much to my disappointment, when I called that day, the person in the office had no idea what I was talking and said that they would never do such a thing. I became increasingly upset by Bolt's representatives' false promises. \xa0I sent an email to Diane Robinson, the customer service representative I had been working with, to express my disappointment and frustration request that they send me the package to an address not too far from their office. I received no response and when I left a message at their office a few days later, I never heard back from her. I finally got her on the phone today and she said that they only way I could get my package back would be to wait around at Union Station for the next NY-DC bus to arrive, which is obviously a huge inconvenience, or to come back up to New York. \xa0I understand that Bolt probably can't afford to send every passenger back their lost item and I would not be so upset about the whole situation were it not for the original conversations that I had with several Bolt representatives ensuring me that they would make every effort to get my package back. It's clear that Bolt could care less about customer service.", 'stars': '1', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': '5 better bus companies leaving from penn station. bolt bus is useless. their customer service is atrocious. wifi too slow to use. try me@abus, dc2ny, \xa0or wash ny', 'stars': '1', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "Update to my earlier post. \xa0 The driver ultimately pulled off the road and decided to wait. \xa0(That was a good call -- it seemed clear that we couldn't proceed safely.) \xa0He reported that an empty bus would arrive within 45 minutes; instead, a full bus stopped and picked up seven of us. \xa0The empty bus was then promised for another 30 minutes later. \xa0Again, an almost full bus stopped and picked up a lucky few. \xa0An empty bus finally arrived near midnight -- long after we should have been home. \xa0We got to NYC 3+ hours after scheduled. \xa0 No apology and no explanation for the repeated misinformation. \xa0 So much for customer service.", 'stars': '1', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': 'Bolt seems to be going downhill. The seats from NY-DC were pitched forward making it uncomfortable to sit straight, the seats returning were torn and cracked the bathroom smelled, and the power outlet did not charge. \xa0Bus drivers were professional though.', 'stars': '3', 'usefull_likes': '2'}
{'review': 'I agree with posters who have noticed boltbus deteriorating. I took a roundtrip from NYC to Baltimore. My first bus was over an hour late arriving, and while other drivers came to pick up passengers for later-scheduled trips, they had no idea whether the Baltimore bus was coming or when. The wait was horrible- riders crowded on a high pedestrian traffic zone blocking storefronts. Many buses take off from the same spot. \xa0Keep in mind that i am a new yorker and accustomed to long waits, lines, crowding. This was just awful. The actual drive mobile is 419.302.1782. \xa0was fine, but ended up taking 45 min longer than projected. The return trip was the same story, minus the overcrowding. Seems like bolt has too many buses running and is more late than not these days.', 'stars': '1', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "ok. seemed like it was going to be awesomei mean the price was. $37 for a round trip to DCpositives first:cheapreally nice buspower outletsfree internetleather seatsclean bathroomnegatives:we left a half hour late from ny, bus was supposed to leave at 930, it didnt even show up till 10. then everyone just rushed to get on and he just said sorry and had no reason why he was late.then leaving DC, we were supposed to leave at 4, so we get to the stop at like 330 and the bus is there. so we find out that its the 3 or 330 bus to NY and we're able to get a ride cause theres a few empty seats. but someone on the bus tells me that theyve been waiting because the 3pm bus never showed up. so they think its the 330 one or something. so i dont know if its always like this, based on other reviews, maybe i just got a bad trip, but i guess i'd do it again, but i'd look around for something as cheap before i'd automatically make reservations with bolt bus.3 stars for nice, clean buses with wi-fi, but minus at least two for being super late and confusing", 'stars': '3', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': 'I took it from Philadelphia to NY and back. The prices are great and the bus is really comfortable. We got to the bus stop early and they let us get on the earlier bus which was great. If you are taking the bus from NY there are about 3 different spots where the Bolt Bus leaves from so make sure you are at the right spot, there are no street signs that say where the bus stops.', 'stars': '4', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "I have traveled between Baltimore and New York approximately twice a month for the past two years. \xa0When comparing bus companies I would have to recommend Mega Bus over Bolt Bus. \xa0The bolt Bus drivers often go off course (at times even when there is no traffic), through back roads, which adds about 30 minutes to your trip. \xa0Of course when traveling Bolt Bus you also have to take into account the rest stop time (which is not calculated into your ETA becuase it's an option for the bus driver, but they choose to stop for about 15 minutes 99% of the time). \xa0Mega Bus drivers do not stop and often arrive ahead of schedule! \xa0In addtion, Bolt Bus customer service providers are rude and unhelpful. \xa0Mega Bus is better priced as well. \xa0In regards to Bolt Bus internet and outlets, theyare shotty, it's a hit or miss whether you will have a working outlet and whether or not you will have working internet. \xa0Of course I have had good experiences traveling with Bolt Bus, but the good expereinces are far and few.", 'stars': '2', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "Echo all the positives about Bolt that others have mentioned. However, be aware that if a movie is screened, you're going to hear it whether you want to or not. I'd have thought that one could plug ear phones into the seats so that only those who want the movie would be exposed to the audio. On the plus side: buses are clean, drivers are good, prices are great.", 'stars': '4', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': 'I\'ve been meaning to get on here to sing Bolt\'s praises for a while, but better late than never.I travel between New York and DC about once a month, and I\'ve tried a lot of buses. \xa0Departure from Penn Station is a must for me since I\'m always coming from Queens or LI, so I\'ve tried DC2NY and Megabus, to name a few. \xa0Bolt trumps them all by far, and here\'s why:1) An outlet for every seat. \xa0This is hands down the best reason to travel with Bolt, in my opinion. \xa0Makes the 5.5 hour drive (you can\'t blame traffic on Bolt!) pass unnoticeably while I watch my Netflix/roommate\'s TV on DVD. \xa0Otherwise ain\'t no way my computer would last the trip.2) Wi-fi, spotty or not. \xa0It\'s nice to be able to check progress from time to time to tell my ride when he ought to expect my arrival (since the quoted time on the site is never accurate), check my email, or distract myself with various news aggregators if I get tired of watching movies.3) Nice, clean seats with lots of legroom. \xa0Mmm leather.4) Bathroom doesn\'t smell!5) They actually have their act together! \xa0Unlike other bus lines with crazy free-for-all baggage madness, they\'ve got a good system and are almost NEVER late. \xa0They\'ve got everyone processed and on board by 5 til, usually, and then it\'s just a matter of waiting for the stragglers (though they will leave latecomers behind).6) Bolt rewards. \xa0Join for free, get 9th one-way trip free, skip the lines. \xa0That right there makes my usually 23 dollar tickets average out to 20 bucks each AND lets me waltz right onto the bus instead of waiting in one of the huge lines you usually see. 7) The "no lines" thing. \xa0Don\'t be fooled by the long line at the bus stop--If you\'re a member, and why wouldn\'t you be since it\'s free, you won\'t have to deal with it. \xa0Bolt doesn\'t do lines like most buses do, since they board by boarding group (think Southwest Airlines or Virgin America). \xa0Rewards members are always group A (and for some reason there are never that many group A travelers!), early purchasers are group B, and late purchasers are group C. \xa0Some minor caveats:-Seats in the front half of the bus, at least the ones on the aisle, don\'t recline. \xa0At least, I haven\'t figured out how to do it yet. \xa0Not a huge deal since there\'s lots of legroom anyway, but still, it\'s nice.-No center armrest. \xa0Hasn\'t led to any awkward rides yet, but it\'s kind of odd. \xa0Easy enough to keep your hands to yourself, though. \xa0(Center armrests always lead to awkward battles over armrest real estate anyway.)-65mph cap for drivers. \xa0Means you won\'t get the benefit of crazy speedster chinatown drivers shaving thirty minutes off your drive, but at least you\'re at less risk of dying.-Not really a con, but a warning--don\'t be late, they will leave without you. \xa0They also may give away your seat to a walk-on if you show up at the last second.-They used to skip the rest stop, but they\'ve since started again, and while it\'s nice to stretch/get a snack, I kind of liked the extra time-savings.', 'stars': '5', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': 'I would rather hitch hike to Boston than take the Boltbus again. This is a glorified Fung Wah with wi-fi. I had a terrible ride to Boston where my bus broke down, and then when a bus came to pick us up, there were not enough seats, so multiple people had to sit in the aisle. We arrived 2 hours behind schedule. This was far worse than any other bus experience I have ever had. The bus driver was a complete moron who couldnt give a straight answer to any of my questions, and his replacement driver was no better. Boltbus is a joke and should be a last resort.At the end of the day, a bus is a bus is a bus, and I dont recommend any of the options from NYC to Boston.', 'stars': '1', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': 'I have taken Boltbus many times, most of the time it has been a good experience. Going from NY to philly was perfectly fine but going back to NY \xa0was particularly horrible. Got there 10 minutes early stood in line, only to be told 5 minutes later that the bus was full and that i was too late. The bolt staffer was absolutely mean and super nasty to everyone and about 10 people who had tickets for that bus were left standing on the boiling hot sidewalk. The whole experience put a really bad taste in my mouth.', 'stars': '3', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "Filling up my bolt bus rewards was not worth it. I hadn't used the bus in over a year and boy has it gone downhill. Bus was late, the wifi and outlets were a bust and the restroom was hot, smelly and near impossible to lock so the light turned on. Yes it's on a bus but I've been on buses where the restroom was clean, ventilated and locked easily. When I called bolt bus to complain about the trip I was told that there is a disclaimer on the website about not guaranteeing wifi or outlets or the bus being on time as buses have no control over traffic and they did not offer compensation. Um, no apology, even though I clearly stated that I was told the bus had left the garage late, and that if they insisted I be 15 minutes early to the bus stop when I have no control over traffic either the least they could do is show the same courtesy, and lastly pointed out that if you're going to advertise free wifi and outlets you should make an effort to always have them up and running. Not even a freaking apology, just that they had a disclaimer, no responsibility for problems with their buses or their lack of customer service and there was no compensation. Never again if I can help it, Never again!", 'stars': '1', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': 'I have had a few good experiences and few bad ones. If the bathroom smells, the whole bus smells, which makes for an awful ride. I prefer double decker buses, so that I can sit on the upper level, away from the bathroom.', 'stars': '2', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': 'BoltBus was pretty much the most pleasant bus experience I have had. \xa0The buses were on time and dropped off and picked up in very convenient locations in DC and NYC. On the way to DC from NY, it was nonstop and on the way back to NYC, the bus stopped at a rest stop for 20 minutes. \xa0The drivers were friendly and helpful and the extra legroom was a real plus. I have taken Greyhound and Vamoose before, but I think BoltBus is definitely the best out of those.', 'stars': '4', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "The wifi can be a bit spotty, but the buses are in good condition, the service is great, and Penn Station is a much more convenient drop-off location for me. \xa0Plus, I'm only two rides away from a free ticket!", 'stars': '4', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': 'My boyfriend recently moved to the DC area, so I\'ve been testing all the different bus lines. \xa0I consider myself well-seasoned in the ways of bus travel as a former daily bus commuter from NJ to NYC for 3.5 years, and I\'ve taken the bus between NYC and NJ to visit my parents frequently in the 6.5 years I\'ve lived within NYC. \xa0I would definitely take Bolt again. \xa0These are the reasons why:1. I took the bus one way from Newark to DC. \xa0I liked the fact that both the Newark and DC side picked you up from and dropped you off in a bus terminal. \xa0You can wait for your bus and wait for your ride in warmth (or A/C), shielded from the elements of snow and rain.2. There was that pesky stop in Baltimore that is prevelant on these bus routes, but there was no rest stop on the highway. Yay! Anything that gets this 4 hour bus ride over with ASAP is a plus in my book.3. The crowd on the bus consisted of professionals (this was a Friday evening ride to DC) and families, and the bus ride was relatively quiet.The bus driver actually yelled at the people who were sitting in the seat directly behind her for talking and warned them that it was "the quiet row". I was sitting directly behind them and couldn\'t hear them speaking, which was kind of funny.4. There were electrical outlets and wifi on the bus (although I used neither).', 'stars': '4', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "I'm being a little generous with the 4-star rating here. \xa0I'm using competition as a benchmark rather than Boltbus delivering on their promises. \xa0The personnel is courteous and the departures/arrivals are on time. \xa0The buses are quite clean (though they should clean the insides of windows between trips). \xa0You'll feel good that your round trip cost you around $40 and didn't take much more time than dealing with airports.A lot of work still has to be done. \xa0Is it just me or was there no sink in the bathroom? \xa0Considering at least 10 people used the bathroom on each of my trips, that's pretty gross. \xa0Also, the electrical outlet wasn't working on one of my routes and the wireless was out on the return route. \xa0These are the differentiating factors that make me pay a $10 premium - they should work. \xa0On one of my trips, there was no arm rest between the seats. \xa0Lastly, I pity the poor people who got stuck in the last row (three seat row). \xa0One heavy set individual was sitting right next to the bathroom and had to squeeze into the people next to him every time someone wanted to go in or out. \xa0I'd imagine that was hell for all three back there.Key lessons1. Show up 15 minutes early. \xa0If nothing else you'll be grateful you're not serving as the de facto bathroom greeter during your 4 or so hour trip.2. Don't depend on the wireless or electrical outlet, consider it a bonus if they happen to have them working.3. Use the bathroom before you leave and try to avoid the one on the bus. \xa0They should at least get a Purell dispenser in there.4. Try to get to the emergency row - there's at least an additional foot of leg room there. \xa0Another benefit of showing up early by the way.5. Try to travel mid-week. \xa0My Wednesday trip was only half full and much more comfortable than the jam packed Sunday ride back.", 'stars': '4', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': 'I have been using BoltBus for the past three or so years and find the service a little spotty. \xa0On both of my most recent trips my driver was "Sam, Sam I Am."Both trips arrived late, significantly beyond the scheduled arrival time. \xa0This didn\'t happen because of any traffic disturbances. \xa0Instead, Sam decided to take a break. \xa0While he claimed that the stops would last 15 minutes, both lasted significantly longer than this, and were the sole reason that we arrived past our scheduled arrival time. \xa0I have never been on a BoltBus before where there has been a stop, Also, while BoltBus claims to have wifi, it doesn\'t ever work fast enough for you to be able to accomplish anything.They have an A-B-C boarding system (which they sometimes do not use) but instead of having lives before people get on the bus it\'s basically a huge mob that crowds around. The pick up/drop off location in Manhattan is a disaster with too many people crowding everywhere all over the side walk.', 'stars': '2', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "I took Bolt for the first time this week, because I live in Brooklyn and like that it has a downtown pick-up on 6th Avenue between Grand & Watts.Cons: the bus was late leaving NYC going to DC and also late leaving from DC to NYC on the way back. \xa0It also took over 5 hours going to DC and about 4.5 hours on the way back to NYC. The route goes off I-95 and uses a back-road which is 1 lane in each direction for a while, thus a slower route.Pros: the seats were comfortable and it wasn't too crowded on the bus. The WIFI seemed to be working in both trips (I didn't have a laptop, but others did) and there are outlets. \xa0Seats were fine and the bathroom (yes I used it) was clean and had hand-sanitizer. \xa0I also had a good experience with the customer service email. They responded pretty quickly.In terms of speed, I prefer Vamoose Bus and it also has a drop-off in Arlington, VA, close to the metro station (Rosslyn) and it was fast to get to where I was staying in Arlington.", 'stars': '2', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "Worst company ever. \xa0Got on the 3:30 bus from DC to NY. \xa0Driver decides to take a 20 min break an hour and change into the drive. \xa0Then as we get closer to NY the driver says that there are major delays on the turnpike and asks if we want to take an alternate route. \xa0A few people say yes, \xa0some people say no. \xa0The driver never asked for a count and takes the alternate route. \xa0Ends up being a 45 min detour along regular streets with stop lights versus staying on the highway. \xa0Turns out there wasn't even traffic on the turnpike. \xa0My friend who was on the 4pm megabus (leaving a half hour later) ends up getting in over an hour before we do. \xa0Shouldn't a major decision like that be made with better info? \xa0If a driver is going to pretend to poll the bus, \xa0shouldn't he go with only a consensus or try to get some kind of count. \xa0What's the point of asking if you're just going to make a unilateral decision. A four hour trip should NOT take five and a half hours with no traffic.", 'stars': '1', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': 'On my recent Boston-NYC round trip on Bolt bus, I was very pleased with the service. \xa0I was traveling with my 17 year old daughter. The drivers were \xa0very professional and got us to our destinations safely and on time. The Wifi worked OK. Coming back from NYC we arrived \xa0at \xa0the bus stop on 34th Street a half hour early to catch the bus and were told by the driver of the bus that was already loading that we could go on his bus as he said he had a couple of seats close \xa0 together but not next to each other. When we got on, we found that one of the seats was next to a rather pleasant looking young woman and the other was next to an \xa0unkempt, overweight late 20\'s or early 30s creepy looking guy. Naturally, I sat next to the creep, and had my daughter sit next to the lady. The jerk \xa0I was sitting next to talked incessantly about his sex life on his cell phone for much of the trip,and got up multiple \xa0times to use the bathroom, which was unfortunately next to us. \xa0It\'s a good thing my daughter wasn\'t sitting close enough to hear his foul mouth or I would haver called the police. \xa0Needless to say, I was very glad to arrive in Boston. My daughter was sitting next to a normal person and had a nice trip.So, my advice is to be very careful of who you are sitting with, 4 hours is too long to be sitting next to a foul mouthed jerk. \xa0And if you have a reservation and can board with some choice of seating (especially if you are with someone else, especially someone underage), think twice before you \xa0catch an earlier bus, you could get stuck sitting with a jerk. And please don\'t think I am being critical because I am "middle aged" and not the typical user of Bolt Bus. I told this story to my 20 something daughter who uses this bus often and she was appalled \xa0by the story of of my seat mate. She and I did, however, have a laugh over the idea of such a pathetic idiot bragging about his sex life while sitting next to someone old enough to be his mom!', 'stars': '4', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "I took Bolt Bus from NYC to Baltimore in order to save some money while traveling this holiday season (versus flying). My bus was set to depart at 5:45 so I arrived around 5:10 so I could grab a snack for my trip. There was no representative from Bolt (there were 2 from DC2NY) to inform the passengers the bus was going to be over an hour late. I called customer service around 6pm and they informed me the bus would probably be 30-45 minutes late while also letting me know that Bolt does not have reps on the ground. 45 minutes passed and the bus had still not arrived. Called again, same lack of responsiveness. It was 30 degrees and windy and there were older adults and children waiting for the bus. The Internet on the bus didn't work, it was cold and we ended up reaching Baltimore about 1hr 45 mins past the original time. I will NEVER use Bolt again and I will make sure everyone knows how bad it is. No customer service coupled with unreliability is a disaster waiting to happen.", 'stars': '1', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': 'My wife and I took a Bolt Bus from NYC to Baltimore this weekend and had a great experience. The bus was clean, comfortable, quiet, the drivers were friendly and limited the announcements to a few minutes during our departure and arrival. A great experience and we would absolutely use Bolt again!', 'stars': '5', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': 'I took the Boltbus down to DC and back to Penn Station in New Jersey. Good news.... I eventually made it to each destination. However, both ways, this bus ride was beyond disappointing. The initial bus trip to DC arrived 45 minutes late leaving passengers waiting outside in the bitter cold and got me to my destination two hours later than it was scheduled for. The first bus also had some electrical dysfunction and so the electrical outlets could not be used though ironically the passenger in front of me was clearly struggling to turn off their broken reading light for a good portion of the trip, eventually relegating to sticking their gum wrapper on the light. The seats were uncomfortable both ways and my trip back was equally tardy, though this time around, I arrived back only 30 minutes late. Overall, this bus eventually you to where you need to go, but its definitely not in comfort or in a punctual manner.', 'stars': '2', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "I was leery about taking Bolt Bus at first. For the dozen times I've been to New York, I've taken Greyhound. In an attempt to save a few dollars, I decided to try Bolt Bus for a trip to NYC this past October.Before I went, I had read reviews about some busses being late or not showing up at all. About thirty minutes before my departure time in Philly, I headed to the bus stop. To my surprise, I saw the bus already parked and only a small handful of people already lined up. Since it was chilly outside, the driver let us on a few minutes early while we waited for the other passengers to arrive.The bus departed at 10:00 on the dot, just as it was scheduled to, and also arrived in NYC right on time.I honestly can not think of any cons about this trip. The driver was pleasant, professional, and a good driver. The bus was very spacious, clean, had big windows to enjoy the scenery, and the outlets in the first few rows of seats are a plus!The ride home went just as well.No complaints here! Greyhound has now become my last resort. It'll be Bolt Bus for me from now on!", 'stars': '5', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': 'What a horrible experience I had with Bolt. I arrived at the Canal street pick up on Saturday morning, 30 minutes before the scheduled arrival time for my bus to DC. Eventually 8 other people showed up, and when the bus arrived (5 minutes before we were scheduled to leave) an angry driver exited and yelled "I only have seats for 3 people." What an attitude she had. She picked the 3 people standing closest to the bus and let them board. The rest of us got put into a cab and sent up to 34th street to catch the next bus. When we arrived there, we were barked at to get in line, and told we probably wouldn\'t get a refund, because we were still getting to where we needed to go, although this bus was going to a different location in DC. \xa0I tried calling, and got a sleepy customer service rep who basically just said "I\'m sorry, but there\'s nothing I can do." I also tried emailing them, and got no response. Once I got on the bus, the ride was fine; it was clean and comfortable, but the driver was very erratic. If I wanted to deal with this kind of bullshit, I would have taken the Chinatown bus. At least you know what to expect. \xa0For their lack of basic customer service skills, I will never use Bolt again, and highly encourage others to do the same.', 'stars': '1', 'usefull_likes': '1'}
{'review': "Typically well organized, especially at their DC stop, usually leaves with in five minutes of departure time. \xa0Love that they have comfortable seats and outlets and they text your ticket so you don't need to print it out :)", 'stars': '4', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': 'Bolt Bus is affordable, convenient, CLEAN, and efficient. \xa0I took it from Boston to NYC - I was able to hop right on for $20. \xa0It is way nicer to deal with people who can actually communicate with you rather than yelling in Chinese. \xa0It is so much better than Tony Coach or any of the other C-Town buses that may \xa0or may not stop in the same places each time. \xa0The staff was polite and PLEASANT. \xa0The bus left right on time and got us into NYC at the promised time. \xa0The driver was very nice and even funny. \xa0And yay for the leg room, power outlets, and free Wi-Fi - why use any other service?', 'stars': '5', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "I purchased two tickets with this service for Friday May 16th at 6:30pm. As far as I know the bus never came. We waited outside (they pick you up at a street corner) in the rain with a throng of other wet, miserable people. At the time of the incident many of us went online to the site via our mobiles or tried to contact them directly via phone for a status and found out nothing. At 7:45, with little hope or information regarding our bus, we gave up and purchased a train ticket to D.C. I've written bolt bus to ask for a refund. this could well be an anomaly but they should at least comp us for the costs and unused tickets. More to come...An update- they refunded our bus tickets. i still feel they are obligated to refund a portion of the train tickets we were forced to buy at the last minute.", 'stars': '2', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "A friend told me about Bolt Bus when I told her I was taking a trip down to DC. \xa0She told me that it was much cheaper than Amtrak, which it most definitely was! \xa0My round trip ticket came out to about 45 bucks! \xa0When my husband and I arrived at 33rd and 7th, we weren't quite sure where to wait for the bus, but there was someone there with a Bolt Bus jacket, so I asked her about the bus to DC. \xa0She told me to just wait in the area. \xa0Though it wasn't the most organized process, we boarded and we were ready to go soon after that. \xa0My husband and I were able to get our own two seats, as the bus was not full. \xa0The driver was friendly, we made a brief stop at a rest area, and arrived in DC only a few minutes late. \xa0Our trip back to the city was great too. \xa0The bus left a bit late, but we had our own seats again, and the ride was pleasant and we only hit a few spots of traffic. \xa0Although they advertise wi-fi on the bus, it didn't quite work, so I suppose that would be my only complaint. \xa0Other reviewers need to relax about lateness and traffic, these things happen, and could happen no matter which mode of transportation you use. \xa0Overall, it's a great deal for traveling to DC and I would definitely use the Bolt again.", 'stars': '4', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "This was my first bus trip from NYC. \xa0Everything went really smoothly and the free wireless and power supply are key. \xa0My ride to Boston took 6 hours because of traffic but that's not Bolt's fault so no docking them stars. \xa0It did cost me $20 one-way but I booked a few days before July 4th so that's probably why. \xa0It was worth it. \xa0No stops for food so eat before or bring your own. \xa0I do wish they had more times as most of the buses I wanted to take were already sold out. \xa0But maybe it was just extra booked because of the holiday. \xa0No complaints here, Bolt is now my go-to bus company.", 'stars': '5', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "I took boltbus from NYC at 6th and Watts to DC on a Friday at 2pm. We didn't have many delays getting out of the city on a Friday which was nice but did hit some traffic here and there on the way down which is to be expected. We left exactly on time from NYC and got in about 45 min late due to traffic. The wifi was nice when it was working, it seemed so slow at times but then would get fast. I guess too many people using it at once. Overall the trip was pleasant with nice seats, clean bathroom (although no sink), perfect temperature of AC and nice driver. We also didn't stop the entire trip which was nice.", 'stars': '4', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "For reasons of pure economics, I'm more of a Megabus passenger than a Bolter (those fabled $1 Bolt seats seem harder to get ahold of than Anne Hathaway's home number), but I missed the last Mega last night, and had to Bolt it back from DC this afternoon. I'm on the bus now, and we're over an hour late (shoulda hit Canal Street at 6; rolling through Dirty Jersey at 7), but thanks to the power plugs (my laptop has NO battery juice) and dependable wifi, five+ hours on a bus have never flown by like this before. Plus, Bolt's wifi was easier to connect to than Starbucks'. I had to buy the ticket spur-of-the-moment last night, and even so, it only set me back $20 - less than half Greyhound's walkup fares, and gets me back to NYC long before Megabus (the only available trips for today were 9:15 and 11:15 - no dice. Leather-like seats, no screaming children, broken English or garbage bags used for luggage... I could get used to this. I'm not a convert just yet, but if BoltBus started running later than 6:30 (horribly inconvenient for day trips), I might be.", 'stars': '4', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "I'm a frequent rider between New York and Washington D.C. almost every week. One year ago, I started riding with Bolt Bus since it was usually on time (unlike Mxxx bus) and cleaner. However, after Bolt bus expanded its route to another line in DC around April this year, the bus is running late and the staff are smoking and chatting but do not let riders get on the bus even the bus is just in front of us. Being on schedule is my only requirement. Unfortunately, \xa0Bolt bus can't meet my needs any more. I'm not sure if Mxxx bus is getting better, but I'm pretty sure that the services provided by bolt bus is getting worse.update: 5/16 trip report from NYC to DCThe bus was running around 30 minutes late. \xa0The bus driver stopped by somewhere in New Jersey and received a piece of paper from one of her colleagues. When we were approaching DC, the bus driver took out a piece of paper which apprently has direction on it, while talking on the phone for direction (someone was on the line to guide her), looking at that piece of the paper, and driving. So, The bus driver was holding 1) steering wheel 2) her cell phone 3) that piece of paper while driving and talking. The riders were trying to help to tell her the direction. Apprently, it worked better than 1) that piece of paper and 2) the cell phone. As people can imagine, it was very DANGEROUS. I was totally pissed about this kind unprofesisonal services. Multi-tasking is a good skill to develop but do not do that when you are driving and there are more than 50 people on the bus.", 'stars': '1', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': 'Totally fine as far as vehicular transport goes. \xa0I booked a ticket to Boston for the weekend pretty late in the game, and still only paid $17.50 each way for a roundtrip total of $35, which would get me about as far as Trenton on Amtrak. \xa0I stupidly departed late Friday afternoon, when the great exodus out of the city for the weekend was in full swing; it took us an hour and a half to get from 34th street out of the Bronx, and traffic around New Haven later meant we got into Boston about 2.5 hours late. \xa0The wireless on the bus meant this was less irritating than it might have been.That moderate inconvenience was more than made up for by the return journey--when I got to South Station this morning, the Bolt Bus employees were already boarding the bus, so we were settled and able to pull out of the terminal at precisely 9:30AM. \xa0At some point a few hours in, I fell asleep, and then received quite a shock when I woke up to see the greenery of Central Park rolling by outside the window. \xa0Not only were we arriving on time, we were 20 minutes early. Good on you, Bolt Bus.', 'stars': '4', 'usefull_likes': '2'}
{'review': "I'm really pleased with my Bolt Bus experience. I bought the tickets from NY-DC a few weeks ago online and they were $20 round trip. A last minute ticket a friend purchased to join this trip was $25 one way and I still don't think that's too bad compared to $100 on Amtrak. The traffic is the biggest crapshoot of the equation but not having to drive in it and the savings make it a win win for me.", 'stars': '4', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': 'Love it! \xa0Bolt bus was easy, quick, comfortable, prompt and affordable. \xa0Will do it again in a heartbeat. \xa0DC to NY! \xa0The metro center stop is sooo convenient.', 'stars': '5', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "I had my first experience with Bolt Bus this weekend, and it was definitely a good one! We left DC on time Friday morning, arrived in NYC even a little bit early, and then on the way back there was a delay leaving NYC but we still arrived in DC on time! The wifi worked on both trips, although it was slow. The drivers were pleasant and friendly, although I can't quite say the same for the people checking tickets and directing people and their bags getting onto the bus. If they improved just those two things, I'd go up to five stars. In the meantime, it's still a good service and definitely a great value!", 'stars': '4', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': 'I have always been an Amtrak rider when it came to the DC-NYC trip. Though more expensive, Amtrak was just way more comfortable, more reliable and gave me more options on when to leave. Well that has changed now, because BoltBus can top Amtrak on price easily (I paid $30 round-trip, and could have paid even less had I not pissed time away) while being extremely comfortable and reliable. My bus left on-time and arrived on-time (though this is obviously subject to more variables than a train). The drivers were professionals, the chairs had no strange smells, and the room, oh man the room. I think my sleeping loft has just slightly more legroom. I highly recommend this bus, particularly for those of you who are reluctant to ride buses. This is not scary at all.', 'stars': '5', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "BoltBus was SUPER easy and was a pretty short walk from the H St/9th St stop to our DC hotel (15 mins) and the main attractions (10 mins). \xa0I would totally recommend BoltBus to friends, can't speak much to the wifi capabilties since i passed out within the first 5 mins of sitting down and didn't wake up until unloading both ways. \xa0They were pretty on-time too, on the way there, we arrived about 20-30 mins early and on the way back, didn't have delays either despite the bumper to bumper traffic we sat in for a little while. \xa0Bus was clean and relatively newer so didn't mind the stiffer leather seats.", 'stars': '4', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "Tired of the near extortion prices of the train, and needing to make the travel time to DC and back more productive than not, I tried Bolt Bus. I have only heard horror stories from friends who have tried all the other services (Fung Wah, DC2NY, etc), I thought I would try this one. Run by Greyhound as a trendy brand, Bolt Bus exceeded my expectations - with only a few issues.I traveled both ways midweek in the late morning which pretty much assured me room to breath and a shorter trip missing the worst traffic. The June weather was in our favor as well The bus: large, roomy, clean, leather seats, comfortably air conditioned, and only necessary announcements (careful walking down the isles, be considerate when chatting on the phone, etc). The drivers were both friendly and courteous. The one restroom was clean if not sparse providing only sanitizing gel in place of a sink with water. The bus seats 54. (My trips had about 20 passengers going to DC, and about 35 returning to NY)The service: Getting a ticket was a snap online, the buses on both departures were on time. the drive was non-stop to DC, and the driver made one 15 minute refreshment stop on the return to NY. \xa0The back-seat power and wi-fi were both handy and extremely easy to access on my MacBook. The free wi-fi via Sprint tested at 682kb/s down and 188kb/s up (about the same as basic DSL), and I was one of four users at the time. The bus drivers drove safely and didn't seem to be speeding. The terminal stops in DC (Metro Center) and NY (Penn Station) could not be more convenient to subway transportation.Issues: The web site timetable states all travel times the same regardless of the time of day. On the return to NY we only reached the Lincoln tunnel in the specified time (4 hours), and nearly another hour getting into Manhattan. The driver, thankfully in my case, dropped us off on 8th Ave side of Penn Station instead of driving around to the 7th Ave departure location - which would have likely taken another 20 minutes to get to.I was bothered by how much time the driver on the DC return spent chatting on his mobile phone and not hands free. (The buses have manual transmission.)Not all seats have access to a power outlet, and the ones that do are a little oddly positioned in the top middle of the seat in front \xa0of you. Minor for sure, but it made dealing with cables, and positioning the laptop a little awkward.As much as I love taking the train, and the concern of the carbon footprint of the bus, I will still likely take Bolt Bus to DC, and the Limoliner to Boston.", 'stars': '4', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "For $11, my fiance and I are on our way from NY to Boston on our first Bolt Bus experience.Some of the major positives of this bus are ample leg room, and the fact that I can actually write a review because there are electrical outlets and wi-fi access during the ride.I do have a few things to complain about, but considering the cheapness of the fare, how could we really go wrong.Despite our driver not really knowing the way to Boston this being her first time driving there, we have had a few almost wrong turns and she wasn't clear on where she is supposed to stop for a break.I think most of the passengers would just as well like to be in Boston by now, however this driver has tried three near highway rest area stops this trip.The first didn't meet her satisfaction because of no access to food other than a vending machine. \xa0The second rest area did not provide parking for buses and the third was a charm albeit less than 15 minutes from South Station.Taking the entire experience into account, I will certainly recommend Bolt Bus to others and suggest they bring a laptop to get some work done or pass the time. \xa0Just bring a little patience since the drivers don't always know where they are going.Cheers!", 'stars': '3', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "i really can't decide if i like bolt bus or megabus better. bolt has really uncomfortable seating and smaller seats compared to mega, but they have outlets in every seat section. also, their wifi is pretty reliable -- the driver actually stopped on the shoulder of nj turnpike to reset the wifi connection because people were complaining. now that's pretty good service. they don't have sinks in their bathrooms, but then again, i'm not sure if any coach bus service have sinks in their bathrooms. overall, i can't complain about bolt. it's cheaper than amtrak, and it takes you where you need to go.", 'stars': '4', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': 'I just took Bolt Bus from NYC to Washington, DC & back over a 4-day period, spent $17 round trip (booked some time last month). Everything was fantastic. New, nice-smelling bus with leather seats and wi fi, lots of leg room and lots of room on the bus--only about 10 people total each time. Bus arrived & left on time & driver was friendly and safe. Fantastic!', 'stars': '5', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': 'Although the ride experience is decent at best, their customer service is the ABSOLUTE WORST!!!!1st incident (Jan 2009):For my return trip from DC to NY, I was not notified that the departure location had changed due to Inauguration weekend (even though I had signed up for text and email alerts). I spent over an hour trying different channels of communication (phone/email/text) to finally reach a Bolt Bus rep who informed me of the new departure location which was quite a ways from where I was at the time. Luckily I managed to get there with seconds to spare so I didn\'t feel it necessary to follow up with a complaint. But I mean come on... seriously??!2nd incident (July 2009 - today!):Call customer service this morning to push back my reservation date for tomorrow afternoon (NY to DC) due to a last minute change in my work schedule. \xa0After being on hold for almost 15 minutes, I was told by the rep that the computer system was down and that no changes could be made at the time -- I\'d have to call back later in the day. I asked if I would still be charged just the nominal $3 processing fee since calling later in the day would mean I wouldn\'t be requesting the change within the 24 hr advance period as stated on their website. The rep said it\'d be fine, they would still honor the change and also confirmed that I should be able to get the new time that I wanted.I call again \xa0this afternoon and when I got through to the rep, he told me that the time I wanted was sold out and the next available was almost 2 hours later which would not work for me since I needed to be in DC before a certain time. I asked if I could receive credit since I\'d now have to book the NY to DC leg of my trip with another bus company but I was told I could only reschedule it for another date, otherwise no credit, no refund. Since I have no idea when I would be taking my next trip, I told them this would not be possible and reiterated that I had called prior to the 24 hr advance notification deadline this morning and I shouldn\'t be penalized because their computers were down when I called. The rep told me that I would have to speak with a customer service rep for further assistance...When I was transferred, I told the rather impatient/apathetic customer service rep the situation and after a bit of back and forth, she put me on-hold and then confirmed that I would get a refund. For clarification purposes, I asked if it was for the whole trip or just one leg of the trip. She confirmed that it was for just the NY to DC leg of the trip and when I asked, "so in the amount of $19?", she rudely barked "YES!!"... I was appalled by her response and told her there was no need to be rude, and that I was just asking her to verify the refund amount. After a long pause, she replied with "You don\'t want me to reserve that do you?" I mean seriously? who the F do you think you are dumbass customer service lady?? When I replied with a polite "Excuse me?", she basically repeated that she could easily reverse the refund. Umm.. for what reason? Because I asked her to confirm the amount I was being refunded?? Talk about an uncalled for power trip. To get off the phone with her as quickly as possible, I just asked if I would get an email confirmation of the refund which she said yes to. It\'s been 2 hours now and I have yet to receive it.... And yes, I have sent mr. webmaster@boltbus.com a complaint email this time. It\'s only $19 but dammit, it\'s the principle of the matter.Again, the ride experience is somewhat pleasant (as pleasant as a 5-6 hr bus ride can be) but their customer service is just straight up embarrassing. I\'ve never dealt with such rude & incompetent people before!! Even though the buses may be slightly uncomfortable, I\'d much rather take one of the Chinatown buses from now on.', 'stars': '1', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "unlike most budget bus lines, bolt has competent, friendly employees and great customer service. after i was unable to travel recently due to a snow storm in NY, their customer service rep re-booked my trip to DC for me, even though it was within their policy that they didn't have to. on my NY-DC trip, all of the employees i encountered were professional and competent--the prices are low but they're certainly doing something right to keep staff morale high, which I appreciate.", 'stars': '5', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "Boltbus had so much going for it with its sleek design, free wifi, leather seats and electrical outlets. So why in the last 2 round trips do I kinda wish I stuck with Luckystar. Well first off, I am a commitment phobe. It is impossible for me to pick a return day and time and really know that I will actually leave then. So what happens to me? I end up losing that ticket and then booking another whereas if I were with Luckystar I would never have lost the first ticket to begin with. I would just pay at the bus door. Secondly, I am Boltbus website-challenged. I search around the site for my ticket. Then I log-on with my username. In doing so, I unknowingly changed my settings (ie destination to home vs home to destination). Not noticing this, I still book and only find out at the bus :( Yes I am challenged, but really.. what website changes your search settings after you log on. I don't think I have ever seen that on airline websites.", 'stars': '3', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "Don't rely on BoltBus if you ever need to work. \xa0Their internet and electrical outlets are unreliable. \xa0The only reason I'd ever chose them is because they have both internet and electrical outlets, while other companies don't. \xa0But in my extensive experience, their amenities work less than half of the time. \xa0When they don't work, their drivers are unapologetic and their customer service representatives are confrontational. \xa0I'll never spend a dollar of my travel money again on this company, which is just a subsidiary of Greyhound, so I'm not sure why I'm always surprised when stuff does not work.", 'stars': '1', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "i took this bus to dc last week. \xa0it was comfortable, with plenty of leg room, a/c, and clean. \xa0we stopped about 2/3 of the way there for a quick pit stop somewhere in maryland. \xa0apparently the wireless was not working too well for some of the trip...i didn't have a computer but heard a few complaints. \xa0a perfectly pleasant way to get from one city to the next. \xa0and cheap, especially if you buy it ahead of time. \xa0be nice to the driver/ticket checker, and they will be nice to you. \xa0next time i'm out east, i'd definitely take bolt again.", 'stars': '4', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "Friendly, witty driver (a good driver, too); super clean. Internet a little slow, but it's not like you don't have the time to wait...", 'stars': '4', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': 'I love BoltBus. On time departure and arrival (they seem to have traffic built into their arrival time) is impeccable. It is not more expensive than Chinatown or other buses that are less reliable. The leather seats with electrical outlet and free wifi is hard to beat. Reserve early to get cheaper pricing because the ticket price goes up the more last minute you get. However the maximum you will ever pay for a one-way for DC-NY route is $25 as a walk-in. Take the BoltBus!', 'stars': '4', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "I've taken Bolt Bus, Megabus, and Apex Bus to and from Philadelphia and New York, and Bolt Bus is by far way above par compared to the other two. \xa0First of all, it's pretty on time, and they don't overbook like the Megabus. \xa0Second of all, it's in a conveniently located area in both Philly (30th St Station) and NYC (Penn Station), easily accessible by public transit. \xa0(Megabus is also at 30th/Penn Station, but Apex Bus is in Chinatown, which isn't that accessible by public transit.)Thirdly, Bolt Bus operates their own buses, so you always know which bus you're getting on without playing Where's Waldo (this can be really useful in NYC when there are 5 buses in tow, and Megabus and Apex buses aren't always marked and you only have a few minutes before your bus departs!) \xa0Another bonus to this is that you'll always have a power outlet and wireless internet on Bolt Bus, whereas it's not always guaranteed on Mega and Apex.Their rewards program is also a plus.It's comfortable, organized (I love the different seat groupings, so there's not nasty shoving and cutting in line problems), and overall an enjoyable experience.OH! \xa0AND IT IS CHEAP! \xa0These are the reasons (plus many others) why Bolt Bus is sold out way before Mega or Apex bus are.", 'stars': '5', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': 'well, you get what you pay for, and the value is pretty damn good. bolt bus costs us approximately sixty bucks for two people to ride round trip from boston to ny (we booked fairly late, and i realize this price can be even cheaper if you plan ahead..) on this trip there is promised free wifi, and some scattered power outlets to charge any electrical entertainment pieces you schlep with you. now, i\'m not sure if this is unusual, but on the way down to ny, we stopped approximately half way to our destination for "a break". prior to departure, we were told to sit tight, because there would be no stops along the way. so everybody got off the bus, stretched their legs, and took either a breath of fresh air or a drag of a cigarette. ten minutes later, our poor bus driver is taking a second huge bucket of water to the back of the bus to cool the engines. another ten minutes later, the same routine is playing on... and everybody began to get nervous. eventually we boarded the bus again, and arrived in new york just about an hr late.on the way back, we had the same issue. in fact, prior to boarding the highway we had to stop on the shoulder of the ramp, and just sit there with everything turned off for maybe an hour. as we trucked along, again we had to stop somewhere in ct, so that a bus driver could cool the engine with water. now, buses are buses, and you\'re not going to get anywhere via another vehicle for the same price, and in less time. i also think boltbus has a good idea in that you have plenty of ways to entertain yourself along the route. (yes, i too was tickled pink at the idea of yelping from hot asphalt.) just the same, hopefully the buses themselves, which at least by the look of them seem to be fairly new, will be a little more reliable in future.', 'stars': '3', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': 'Bolt Bus has many perks - cheap, Wi-Fi on the bus, usually on time, New York to Philly in under 2 hours, and mostly amiable, personable drivers. \xa0It loses 2 stars though because its Wi-Fi doesn\'t always work, and the power outlets don\'t always work, and because of its handful of EXTREMELY RUDE, INCOMPETENT DRIVERS on power trips. Put some people in a uniform, even a bus driver uniform, and they think they\'re cops and strut around like stormtroopers. Also no customer service phone #, just a website and email address. \xa0In the end they\'re usually quite helpful and responsive but it shouldn\'t be this difficult to reach them. Lastly their rules are clear that to board all one needs is a purchase confirmation # and photo ID, but if you don\'t own a printer and show up with a handwritten confirmation # some drivers will make you wait and get on the bus LAST as some kind of elitist, elementary school punishment, even if you\'ve paid for their top tier "A" ticket, getting off on humiliating you in front of the other passengers. This is so they can "call to check on you" before letting you board; \xa0in other words you get accused of being a thief, guilty until proven innocent. Awesome way to treat your loyal customers, guys. \xa0So beware - if you don\'t own a printer they treat you like a 2nd class citizen. \xa0Haven\'t they heard of Photoshop? Anyone can also fake a printed confirmation, shouldn\'t that be obvious to them? \xa0Bolt Bus also has a feature to text you your confirmation on your cell phone but most of the time it doesn\'t work so you\'re left high and dry. Beware of b*tch drivers on power trips. Remember, Bolt Bus is the child of Greyhound and the apple doesn\'t fall far from the tree.', 'stars': '3', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
