{'review': "I arrive well ahead of my time. My bus is supposed to start boarding at 10:40, but starts at 10:50. Then, I'm told I'm supposed to tag my bag. NO ONE at the entire station (and I asked for help) told me about this (I guess I should have known better, but still!) The bus driver was kind enough to point that out for me and allowed me to keep my bag by my seat. We did leave on time since there's only like 5 of us on the bus and I've been in better, cleaner busses. disappointed in this service as I would expect better.", 'stars': '3', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': 'This review is about Greyhound as a company, not specifically the SF station.Man, Greyhound must be a horrible place to work.I have to agree with all of the other reviewerw who have cited their horrible customer service. I booked a round-trip ticket from SF to Idaho. I look at it, and they allow only a 50 minute layover time to switch busses in Reno. Well that\'s stupid since (a) their on-time record is NOT good (check reviews here and travel blogs elsewhere); and (b) this trip is scheduled right before the eclipse... when MILLIONS of peole will be headed in the same general direction so chances of delay are even higher. Well -- I think -- no problem. There are multiple trips from SF to Reno each day (and only a single trip from Reno to SLC so I need to make the transfer!). After wondering why they didn\'t book the trip taking delays and short transfer times into account in the first place (or at least offer me the chance to choose an earlier bus with a more generous transer time) I call to tell them about the problem. I explain the situation and ask to be shifted to an earlier departure time which will make it all easier for me and all the Greyhound employees who would otherwise have to deal with an unhappy stressed out customer who gets stuck in Reno. Seems simple -- there are still plenty of seats on the earlier (less popular) trip -- so now Greyhound will have an extra ticket to sell on the later bus too. Should be straightforward, but NOPE. After first speaking with a customer service agent in India who did not bother to try to understand why I was calling and then his supervisor who repeated word-for-word what he had said (obviously they are all speaking from a script, so not even sure why they have "customer service") I was told that I\'d have to rebook the entire trip if I want to leave on an earlier bus. Clearly these agents are not empowered to actually do anything meaningful, though they both DID repeat several times that they could help me book another trip.So, instead of solving my very simple problem, Greyhound paid 2 different customer service agents who are not actually empowered to do anything their salary for pretending to listen to my issue. Now I need to be sure I don\'t pass on my frustration to every other Greyhound employee that I encounter. I\'ll work very hard not to transfer my irritation... but I\'m guessing many people don\'t.Yup, must be an awful place to work.', 'stars': '1', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "Drivers were super friendly however the company needs to get their shit togetherWe made a stop in Fresno so that the drivers could transfer but there was also a problem w the transmission so the driver had to go fetch us another bus, all of this took around ~2+ hrs What would've been an 8 hr ride ended up taking 11 Greyhound needs to put more money into repairs and newer buses, this kind of stuff could've been prevented", 'stars': '1', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': 'This is my first yelp review ever, but this was so bad I feel obligated to share.I purchased round-trip tickets to pick up at will call. -$68When I went and picked them up, I was given (what I thought was) my departure ticket. So, I get to my destination, have a good vacation, and then arrive back at the greyhound station for my return leg.This is where I find out that the departure ticket was really both my departure and return ticket. Well, I happened to throw the ticket out when I arrived like most people.No biggie, though, right? I\'ll just tell them the misunderstanding and that\'ll be that.No, no, no. The woman at the counter would not let me board unless I REBOUGHT my seat. Yeah, you heard that right. My name was in the computer. They were expecting me, but because they couldn\'t reprint my ticket like most companies, it was like I was in limbo.No small fee to reprint my boarding pass, no chance to email me the tickets again so I can reprint them - nothing the woman could do other than hold a stone cold "try me" look while I reluctantly pulled out my credit card to re buy my seats.Couldn\'t take the anger out on her, it\'s Greyhound\'s shit policy, she\'s only enforcing.Anyway, I contact customer service, get passed around for an hour and finally tweet at greyhound threatening a review on sites like this every 24 hours until my issue is resolved.What happened to me is borderline extortion; making me rebuy my seat, when they could\'ve just reprinted my tickets. It\'s not that hard.I hope you read this, Greyhound. I am getting my $68 dollars back.', 'stars': '1', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': '11/28/16 BUS GOT INTO AN ACCIDENT, making us several hours late to our arrival station at Oakland, making me miss an important work meeting. My work then asked me to provide proof this accident occurred and that the bus was late. Not only did our bus driver CRASH, she then proceeds to drive the rest of the way with the same damaged bus. ENDANGER PASSENGERS MUCH GREYHOUND? Jeez. So I call customer service to ask for an email saying the bus was indeed delayed, told them they don\'t even need to speak about the accident, just the several hours of delay (I sensed they might be worried about lawsuits or legal issues). So just an email about being late that I could forward to my work. Seems easy enough right? NOPE. Not with greyhound! Customer service takes about 30 mins to take down all of my information and then tells me they can do nothing for me. They tell me to call Oakland bus station, Oakland station then tells me to call customer service. I call customer service, they tell me to call Oakland and round and round. Everybody just transfers me endlessly. And even though I explained that I have a customer service issue, SOMEHOW everyone I get transferred to tells me they are only the "scheduling office" \xa0(both Oakland and customer service say this over and over again even though I make sure to call the correct numbers listed on Google or ask specifically for *customer service*. Apparently there is no existence of customer service, just endless phone numbers for "scheduling"). I must have spent four or five hours going round and round like this. So I call the corporate office. And the corporate office number is just a recording that tells you to call the customer service number.DO I EVER GET A REFUND? NOPE! I spoke to every supervisor I could and all they did was transfer me over and over again to the "wrong office". The only thing they tell me is that they will give me a 25$ credit with greyhound, but my ticket was $77, and why would I be interested in riding greyhound again after all of the horrible experiences I\'ve had with them? They tell me to send an email but emails I\'ve sent in the past about bus dysfunction and refunds take nearly seven weeks to receive a response, which is not soon enough for my work situation.In spring 2015, I also had taken a greyhound which broke down three times, causing us to be on the bus for 18 hours instead of 7. Most of that time nowhere near food. Thank god I had food with me, but I still got off the bus desperately starving. Did I get refund then?? NOPE!A few weeks ago, I also rode greyhound and their shock absorbers gave out making it a completely miserable ride. Did I get a refund then? NOPE! Their charging plugs are never turned on until you ask the bus driver directly to turn it on, and even then they only do it if they feel like it. I have never once ridden with greyhound and had their outlets working without me specifically asking to turn them on. Not even once! And even then only certain seats receives a charge, so if you sit in the wrong seat, tough cookies for you! So if you want to work on a laptop or watch movies or charge your phone, not gonna happen with greyhound, almost guaranteed!GREYHOUND DOESNT CARE ABOUT YOUR SAFETY, COMFORT OR SATISFACTION AT ALL. THEY GLADLY PUT THEIR PASSENGERS AT RISK AND THEN REFUSE REFUND IF YOU COMPLAIN. I COULD BE SEVERELY AFFECTED AT MY JOB BECAUSE THEY REFUSE TO SEND ME PROOF THAT THERE WAS A DELAY EVEN THOUGH THEY CONFIRMED RECORD OF THE ACCIDENT EXISTS IN THEIR SYSTEM. Never take Greyhound unless you want to put yourself in danger. Don\'t take greyhound if you have somewhere to be the next day because their busses break down about 50% of the time or more and are unable to solve these issues in a timely manner.Their employees don\'t care about solving any of your issues or retaining your business. So when their busses inevitably break down and malfunction, you still are left with the charges with no hope of refund.Please take any other mode of travel besides Greyhound. Covered wagons have a higher quality of travel and are probably safer than Greyhound, honestly.', 'stars': '1', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "I've traveled more with Greyhound and timing has been better. The staff has also been very efficient with telling the passengers of any delays ahead of time.", 'stars': '4', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "They have by far the worst customer service I've ever experienced. I bought a round trip ticket and when I took my first trip they didn't tell me they would only print my pass once. When I got to the station for my return trip they said I couldn't print my boarding pass a second time and that I would have to buy another ticket. Seriously!!! How much would it cost you to print a second ticket for a person to get to go back home!!! Needless to say I will never use their services again.", 'stars': '3', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': 'The first time i came here i had a great experience. The woman who helped me was very pleasant and patient, and not just with me but with everyone. Even after another customer repeated the same question again and again, she kept her cool, and her smile until the gentleman was happy. My second visit started out the same. A different but still very friendly clerk behind the counter. The gentleman "helping" people board, however, wasn\'t just rude, he was a total d**k. His idea of helping people was getting pissed off, getting loud, and in an extremely insulting matter called an entire group a bunch of idiots. The security guard here is a joke. Her pants were literally sagging off of her ass, and her face was planted in her phone the entire time.The bus itself is ok. The seats are warn down but comfortable. The driver is nice, and the wi-fi is great. The outlets are horrible however. I went to three different seats to try three different outlets and guess what; none of them work properly. My phone charger wont stay in because its so damn loose, and even when you do get it in the right position for a charge the second you hit a bump its out.I paid $24.00 for this ticket and that is the only reason I\'m on this bus right now.', 'stars': '1', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': 'Clean lobby. Easy to get to. On time. Friendly check in staff. Friendly driver. Clean bus. Great experience.', 'stars': '2', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': 'I was sorely disappointed that Greyhound Bus Lines charges an $18 "gift fee" if someone other than the traveler purchases the ticket. \xa0It\'s sad that companies take advantage of the disadvantaged. \xa0You try to do a kindness for a person - because obviously they can\'t afford it. And, you get gouged by Greyhound.', 'stars': '5', 'usefull_likes': '1'}
{'review': 'Only one star for attempting to try...Well let\'s see where do I start, this place is really dirty and they stench is just horrible. \xa0 We were supposed to leave at 11pm, but guess we didn\'t!!! Apparently \xa0our driver is still at \xa0home sleeping, so we are told! \xa0So she will be here when she gets here, are you freaking kidding me! \xa0 So after an hour wait I approached the ticket both and ask "where is the driver" her respond was "I don\'t know but i will announce it when she gets here".... yes I\'m sure will! \xa0 Driver arrives 12:15 am with an attitude, one guy on line asked so what time will we be arriving since you got here late, she immediately calls her supervisor and the guy removed from the bus and not allowed to board due to his comment. \xa0 This was just terrible customer service by this company. \xa0Once in the bus she sets the rules for riding the bus which such miserable tone, she scared all of us with the statement that is she cause any any difficulties she will pull over and we will exit the bus! \xa0 Really!!!! in the middle of night in the rain and in the middle outs nowhere. \xa0You couldn\'t hear a peep the entire way home.', 'stars': '1', 'usefull_likes': '1'}
{'review': "This is a joke. We travelled over 20 hours on a plane and took an Uber to get there from the airport, made it just in time for the bus but they wouldn't sell us a ticket even though the driver wasn't even on the bus yet. We had to wait 3 hours for the next bus. Extremely rude service, ghetto waiting room, overall horrible.", 'stars': '1', 'usefull_likes': '2'}
{'review': "I didn't budget enough time to get here (and didn't take into account SF traffic) so I arrived right when my bus was about to leave. Even though I didn't have my ticket ready and was frantic and confused, the person at the front desk helped me get on that bus. Exceptional service from the kindest strangers--not something you encounter every day.", 'stars': '1', 'usefull_likes': '5'}
{'review': "The worst experience ever!! \xa0The officer was bad, we had to wait two hours in Oakland and then we didn't have seats for us inside the bus, don't waste your many with this company", 'stars': '5', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "(07/29/16) Greyhound does it again!! If you know the bus is going to be late don't wait 30min after the fact to announce it. And of course there is NO compensation for your time....clearly greyhound has no regard for their customers time. There is obviously absolutely NO oversight at this location and in dire need of new management! The MEGA BUS may have its shortcomings but it's a straight shot to Sacramento from San Francisco and vice versa, no stopping at Oakland or Vallejo. \xa0Plus the Mega bus has a better track record of arriving and leaving on time!!! Use greyhound as an absolute last resort!!! You've been warned!(3 months ago) This place is horrible. If you are ever in a time crunch do not take greyhound. It is always late and the worst part... i.e. I was scheduled for 5:15pm from San Francisco to Sacramento and the bus was late, I thought I missed it and it took the staff 20min to finally announce it while I was waiting in line to inquire about it. This is an unacceptable practice and there should have been a courtesy notice that the bus was going to be late before the time of departure. Now, because there is another departure at 6:30pm they want to group the 5:15pm group to the later one if the bus get there anytime after 6pm!! This is absolutely TERRIBLE customer service. Luckily the bus \xa0showed up right before 6pm.. I would highly highly HIGHLY suggest you take the mega bus, although it has its flaws it's a straight shot to Sacramento and therefore faster as well.", 'stars': '1', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "They had no bus for us, we left an hour after schedule and watched the next bus leave before us. \xa0Very bad customer service too since not only was our bus very late, but the driver didn't seem to care.On way back, no indication of where to line up. \xa0Very long line to even ask. \xa0Could not hear the announcements due to very bad PA system. \xa0I had to argue with the employee who was ordering all of us around with attitude. \xa0Then he tried to sick the security kid on me who looked like a deer in the headlights. \xa0In my opinion, very bad customer service. \xa0At least have signs up that tell you which door to line up in front of. Never again!", 'stars': '1', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': 'BEWARE!! Do not ever take greyhound. Worst experience ever. Im 4 hours late to my destination because of a fuel leak. They need to check their engines. Nonethless, the whole bus smells so bad. Theres gum stuck under the seats and the seats are all old and ripped. Like the buses in this company need to get checked before they make a long trip honestly. If i were you Id rethink your decision and go with plan b if you are thinking of traveling. Also the security are soo rude and the attendants arent helpful at all with questions. This is the last and only time i will ever take this bus.', 'stars': '1', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "If there was a 0 star review I would give it to them. The bus skipped the stop in Stockton Ca altogether. $80 ticket to Riverside not $20 to LA. I don't know where that other reviewer gets his tickets. None of the other drivers helped find out what was happening and were rude. It took until 3 AM to get info for a 12 AM bus. Had to wait for the next bus at 430 AM and arrive 9 hours late. Really! No refund and no discount. No wonder they have a 1 star rating with the Better Business Bureau. No more Greyhound for us!", 'stars': '1', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "Got here on time for the 12:30 am bus to be in sacramento for work in the morning, 20 minutes later they announce that the bus driver is stuck on the bay bridge and would be arriving shortly. At around 1:05 they announce that they could not track the bus and that they would let us know when it arrived. 10 minutes later they went on the intercom and told us that the bus driver was coming from sacramento and had not left yet... so the bus would be arriving two hours later. And it would take another two hours to get back, making our trip over four hours. They said they would refund us but we could not get on the bus if we got a refund. So they're problem and we cannot get a refund? Will be calling greyhound customer service. This is unacceptable.", 'stars': '1', 'usefull_likes': '2'}
{'review': 'Ryan here is Ridiculous.! Fighting with Customers in front of everyone Just because he wanted to charge us $15 for a stroller to aboard the Bus when in Sacramento to SF there was no charge He was so Rude !! I have never experienced this ! Got there @ 445 since the bus was scheduled to leave @5:15 He went to his coworker Scott D. Telling us he was the manager And they both started to argue about the policy. Of course this is when we got frustrated and started to say " so who\'s the manager " cz they are both over here fighting .! Like wth.! When I told Ryan he was rude he said I\'m rude cuz I\'m trying to do my job.! Ummmm yes Ryan your rude .! Cz u have us there just watching you guys argue instead of trying to help us your trying to make us miss the bus .! Then he goes to the back with Scott and continues the argument Hence we have still not been helped When about to pay the dumb $15 which he should have charged since he was "helping us " His other co worker tells him Shouldn\'t you be helping them since you want to charge them . No one wanted to charge us .! Just Ryan .!! I sense some racism here.!! We raise our voices again.! Telling him he needs to just hurry up and charge us so we can board the Train.!! He then says he can refuse service to us!! Ummm why.?! Cuz you were rude to us and cant handle us being rude back.!! I will never ever ever take greyhound again.!! Ridiculous and rude service!! We finally found out who the real managers are.!! Its on the wall with a pic!! So noooo Scott is not the manager and nooooo Ryan is not either.!!', 'stars': '1', 'usefull_likes': '2'}
{'review': 'I had taken the Greyhound from Sacramento to San Francisco to hang for the day and not have to worry about my car. I was attempting to take a late bus back home, but they cancelled the 12:30am bus, so many of us waited in there for the 6:15am bus. \xa0I was under the impression that we were going to ride for free because I\'m pretty sure I was misinformed by, but possibly misheard, the security guy. \xa0When the bus arrived, I went to the ticket counter and had to pay full price, $23, when I would have otherwise paid $6 online before the two hour cutoff if I wasn\'t under the impression that I was riding free. You\'d think they\'d let me ride free since I had to sleep in the bus station due to their "systems being down" or "lack of manpower, " or at least honor the online price, but nope. Not to mention that lady at the counter had the worst attitude ever. Awful experience. Never. Ever. Again.', 'stars': '1', 'usefull_likes': '3'}
{'review': 'Bunch of lying crooks! \xa0They advertise special deals for a low fare, \xa0then comes the old bait and switch. \xa0The actual fare is nearly 100% higher than advertised. \xa0Their discount offer? \xa0Travel mid-week Tues or Wed and get 30% off! \xa0Thries to book on Tuesday and the fair is 100% higher than any other day. \xa0I call theit phone number and was lied to repeatedly. \xa0The so called "supervisor" \xa0just kept lying his mouth off. \xa0His favorite lie......"prices are subject to change" \xa0WHAT A CROCK OF BS!!!!!! They are so crooked it\'s become criminal! \xa0DON\'T EVER GO GREYHOUND!!!!! Bunch of thieves. Advertised fares, \xa0$40 one way \xa0from Orange County Ca to Las Vegas Nev, \xa0Tues & Wednesdays, \xa0Actual fare: $73!!!!! Also I hope you enjoy their non English speaking overseas reps with zero information. \xa0GREYHOUND SUCKS THE BIG ONE!!!!!! Don\'t say you haven\'t been warned, \xa0try another bus company.', 'stars': '1', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': 'Been a while since i rode this service because of the quality of service this place sucks ran by black people pretty ghetto no customer service they check ur belongings to sed if you arent taking any bombs lol or weapons.the drivers depending are kind but the station agents baggage handlera have a stick up they holes..this is like the oakland pretty ghetto better service in the Chicago greyhound', 'stars': '1', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "VIBEI have not took this transportation for sooo long! i think the last time was when i was 10! Brings back lots of childhood memories! It was not hard and i found it to be easy and will reconsider this again in the near future, when i have time schedule conflict with Megabus. Megabus ftw! Well i took the express bus, from Sac to SF, this was a 2 hour ride. The only quick 5 min layover was in oakland. INTERIOR Place is clean in comparison to other greyhound stations. Clean bathrooms as well. Lots of soda and snack machines available for passengers. Also, there is a sign stating bathrooms are for ticketed passengers. I like how they filtered the people they want inside. Yes there is a security guard watching, and they don't play! ORGANIZATION Separate waiting room for Amtrak, and 12 seats available. I find this to be very neat, right by the amtrak station! For main waiting area, plenty of seating. This is very useful, because we don't need to stand or sit on the floor. There are outlet plugs available for you to charge your devices. All bus terminal exits are gated which makes easier to form lines. Gates A, B, C, D,E. Gates 1-15 arrow left, gates 16-30 arrow right. This is very easy to find and trust me, you won't be lost! LOCATIONi like how this is located from the freeway exit, easy to get on or off the freeway when arriving SF. In a very convenient location to ride muni bus without problems! even takes you to japan town straight or union square! yasssss just yusss! BUS Small walk aisle spaceOutlet plugs inside the bus, i believe every other row. Seats are okay, megabus is more comfy just saying. I like how the seats are taller and no gap in between, where others can't view what your reading from sitting behind you. I do like the time schedule offer here more than mega bus.", 'stars': '4', 'usefull_likes': '1'}
{'review': 'THE SAN FRANCISCO TERMINAL LOCATION IS APPARENTLY WRONG ONLINE (greyhound.com). The people on the phone are consistently inept, the woman I spoke to today said she "has no idea" why the online address tells you to go to 425 Mission Street for the San Francisco Terminal. I WAS TOLD THAT IS WRONG. THE GREYHOUND TERMINAL IS REALLY AT 200 Folsom Street. Ignore the online information.And no, the agent on the phone could not tell me why people are getting the wrong address FROM THEIR OWN WEBSITE. She couldn\'t confirm, and did not at all care, if the address used to be the one noted online, or WHY this information was wrong. So I better go to the right place tomorrow. Will update this review if 200 Folsom Street is wrong.Also, the terminal does not open until 5:30AM, according to the agent. The website says 5AM. Either way, they say you must arrive for your trip an hour before departure. My departure is at 5:20AM on 11/16/15. I asked the phone agent if that meant I would be stuck outside at 4:20AM. The woman said "the bus has to go there to pick up the passengers." Clear as mud, thanks. I asked again if I would be stuck outside for the mandated hour before boarding the bus. The agent said yes.Thanks for calling! *sarcasm*I better not be late for my job interview!', 'stars': '1', 'usefull_likes': '2'}
{'review': 'no wifi, no power outlets, fights in terminal, absolute worst value, it is very entertaining though, at least they got that right.', 'stars': '1', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': 'I travel between LA & San Francisco often & usually use Megabus. This time Greyhound was cheaper - cheaper but the trip there left 15 - 20 mins late & arrived an hour later than scheduled. We stopped for lunch; the bus driver made no announcement as to how long we\'d be there & made no effort to check to see if everyone was on the bus. One woman nearly got left behind.I\'ve just got on the bus to go back to LA. We waited for 15 mins past the departure time & 3 of us went to ask why we weren\'t loafing onto the bus outside the loading door, labelled LA. When I said the bus was supposed to have left at 9.45 I was told "9.45, 10, it\'s the same."We were eventually told that our bus was coming from Oakland & would be there in 10 mins. No explanation for the delay. Our bus eventually arrived, empty, 45 mins late. The bus was supposedly late because it had just came from Oakland & yet we just stopped in Oakland to pick up passengers! I\'m now told I have to change buses at San Fernando. I have no idea why my \'direct bus\' requires me to change vehicles. I\'m interested to see if they manage to get me to LA in time to get to work tonight...I won\'t be using greyhound again. Megabus is usually cheaper & way more efficient. The staff are friendlier too.', 'stars': '2', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "Greyhound is perfect if you're broke! I love greyhound one way to LA is $29+tax, so good (online)! I've never had a problem with their costumer service. It's simple, treat people the way you want to be treated! They deal with hundreds of people a day. I would be rude too if you were rude to me! Shiiiiiit! Anywho,, the building is easy to find. 9mins away from bart. Very clean inside the building & buses. The security are always nice & very helpful. I would recommend will all. A lot faster & you don't have to deal with people trying to buy their tickets last minute. The kiosks are easy, VERY SIMPLE. A donkey could use it. I always ride express so I'm talking for the express buses. The buses are always so clean, you can smell the cleanness! The seats are very spacious. They have plugs for your phones or whatever you need to charge. They also have wifi :D I love riding express bcus I can put my seat back & not disturb the person behind me!!! I sleep very comfortably. I meet all types of different people. Greyhound is so efficient! I can sleep & when I wake I'm there! Sometimes they even get to LA faster then planned. Lol", 'stars': '5', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "$8 to Sacramento at 3 pm on a Friday? I'll take it. The station is located somewhere between Embarcadero and SOMA in a very random parking lot. If you have your ticket the security lady will ask you to open your bags and all that, its a very quick, 30 sec process. The waiting area is wide open and only ticketed passengers can enter that area. The seats aren't the comfiest so don't arrive that early. They have bathrooms and a couple of vending machines. The Greyhound Buses now, wow! What an improvement from 10 years ago! I remember riding them to DC and back to NY from Port Authority in the grimey 80's looking like bus. These buses are new, clean, have spacious seating, and have outlets and Wi-Fi. I would recommend taking Greyhound over Megabus, yea you might run into some shady people but just sit in the front of the bus near the driver.", 'stars': '5', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': '1st, this place is super DIRTY, homeless people everywhere, security act like cops, employees are rude and snarky, manager sucks! 2nd, This is the worst bus system ever! The people there are terrible and the manager was extremely useless. I would recommend never using this place. I would walk before using SF greyhound again.', 'stars': '1', 'usefull_likes': '1'}
{'review': 'This bus route from SF to Sacramento was nice, the driver was very Informative when I asked about where to get the bus and when I got off toTransfer she was helpful telling me where to go to catch my next bus. The station seemed nice and I was only there for about 5 min, looked nice and staff was nice.', 'stars': '4', 'usefull_likes': '5'}
{'review': 'Homeless getting beyond checkpoint... Guard not even stopping them. Bus drivers are getting loud with customers.Cleaner than most greyhound locations.', 'stars': '1', 'usefull_likes': '1'}
{'review': "My problem with this station started when myself and a couple of other passengers missed our bus due to an early departure. I had an 5:15 departure and I made it to the station at 5:10 due to traffic. I ran inside happy I still had 5 minutes to board when I was told that the bus had left 5 minutes ago! Beyond pissed I was also infuriated with the staff trying to tell me it was my fault I didn't arrive earlier! It's to my prior experience that the busses are usually always late anyways, so when one of the staff members was trying to tell me i'd have to pay for another ticket I couldn't believe it! Not only didn't I pay for another ticket, I wrote a Yelp review :)", 'stars': '1', 'usefull_likes': '6'}
{'review': 'Place is clean in comparison to other greyhound stations. Also, there is a sign stating bathrooms are for ticketed passengers. Separate waiting room for Amtrak, and 12 seats available. For main waiting area, plenty of seating. All bus terminal exits are gated which makes easier to form lines. Gates A, B, C, D,E. Gates 1-15 arrow left, gates 16-30 arrow right. Bathrooms are clean.', 'stars': '4', 'usefull_likes': '1'}
{'review': 'Thanks to this station I got home.The manager is very nice and SECURITY always is cook. Thanks for caring about the people.', 'stars': '5', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "This place employs 24 hr. security whether the front doors are open or not. The place is clean and has many vending & snack machines. The bathrooms are also clean and we'll stocked. The security guards are helpful. They also sell snacks behind the ticket desk to avoid vending machines. The buses are updated & streamlined with leather like bucket seats that can recline. Some have plug ins, some do not. The bus drivers are professional, well mannered, & proficient.You take care of your stuff, they will take care of you. Don't act like some prima donna who requires customer service at your beckening call & you will get along nicely. These people have more to do, like get you there.", 'stars': '5', 'usefull_likes': '3'}
{'review': "Got picked up by a older Jamaican man, in a San Francisco greyhound bus, in San Jose to go to Santa Maria, our bus was one hour late. When the driver got there he parked on the wrong pick up stop, he did NOT know how to drive he was honking at everyone the whole time, he made a stop on the freeway and didn't know how to merge back onto the freeway it was SO BAD I thought we were going to get into an accident. As we were driving further along, he mentioned he wasn't going to make anymore stops after Salinas & that the only stop he was making was to Santa Barbara. He insisted on not stopping in Santa Maria when that was my destination! He said how he wasn't going to stop at King City either, but what if there were people there waiting to get picked up? So me and my boyfriend demanded him to stop at our bus stop in Santa Maria, we paid for this & for him to try and say he wasn't going to stop where we needed to be made me VERY upset! & to top it off he didn't know where he was going to whole time!! He had no GPS or anything! A girl that was riding with us had to give him directions where to go the whole time. I had THE WORST experience ever & im never going on the greyhound bus again. I do not recommend this bus to anyone!! Waste of money, unprofessional, and ghetto. I'm only putting one star because I have no other choice, it's the only way my review will get posted but I give this place ZERO STARS.", 'stars': '1', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "Lucky I'm giving them one star. I Arrived at 3:30 for my 5:20 bus. Thought I would be able to sit down inside & relax until my bus came. BUT when I arrived the security guard acted as though I wasn't even there so I was stuck standing outside in the cold for 2 hours until my bus arrived. I will do everything in my power to keep people from not coming here ever.", 'stars': '1', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': 'I was returning from a trip from San Francisco to Los Angeles and found the Greyhound experience to be extremely unpleasing. Timing was acceptable and correct as it takes time for maintainence and readyness. However, as I stepped into the bus I found out that most of the seats does not have charging docks as advertised. Not only that, but as I moved to another seat with my girlfriend to a seat with charging dock there was liquids everywhere. The charging dock does not work and one of our baggage became wet. From the smell, I could tell it was urine and is disgusted. The seat smells like urine for 9 hours straight to LA and the charging dock does not work. Wifi was hopelessly inefficient as well. Overall, it was a very bad experience from SF to LA but the staff is considerably friendly.', 'stars': '1', 'usefull_likes': '2'}
{'review': 'EXTREMELY rude security guard who yelled at me to "Hurry up there, girl!!"Filthy and stinky restrooms.Counter agent seemed to know what he was doing but was letting obnoxious customers push in front of me and then assisted them first.Bus drivers have twice refused to let me sit in the first row when I asked (it was empty), even though (1) I am handicapped and (2) one time some other passengers were harassing me so I didn\'t want to be int he far back by them.Bus wifi works about 40% of the time. Bus outlets work about 50% of the time.', 'stars': '1', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "WARNING: RIDING THIS MAY BE A HEALTH HAZARD. I would say 2.5 stars is accurate. I'm giving it 3 instead of 2 because I rushed here right after work for a 10 pm bus to LA. They did the last call while I was checking in and the woman at the desk realized I was part of it, so she postponed her break (she was supposed to take it half an hour ago) so my sister and I could make it to our bus before it leaves. Check in was easy and quick. However due to the rush, the lady didn't give me my return ticket back (I thought we had to hand both; it was my first time on greyhound). I'll accept that as my fault. The tickets are also very cheap.Why a low rating? The outlets don't all work. Also, the WiFi is super slow; I'm not even able to load a YouTube video, let alone watch something on Netflix like I intended. Bring something that doesn't rely on Internet to keep you entertained. However, this is what makes me furious. Around 3-4 am, the driver turned off the a/c (I'm guessing to save cost because almost all of us were probably asleep). It was 90-100° in SoCal during this time. The windows don't even roll down, so it was practically a preheating oven. Several of my neighbors and I woke up due to the heat. We arrive in SoCal around 5 am relieved to get some air. It felt at least 20 degrees cooler outside than in there. The ride back was a lot better. The A/C was on and the Internet was more stable (still couldn't support a video, but I came prepared). The bus was also cleaner, but had less outlets. If both trips were like it, I would've enjoyed this experience more and be more likely to return. I'd probably only use the service again if I were short on money and southwest wasn't running a promotion again. It would also depend on how much I'd want to gamble on how nice the bus/driver is.", 'stars': '3', 'usefull_likes': '5'}
{'review': "As a first-timer to Greyhound, I am thrilled! We took a regular bus from San Francisco to Los Angeles at 10pm. The staff were friendly and helpful, and the waiting area clean and secured. The only troublemaker around was a vending machine that kept taking people's money without their permission. The highlight of the ride was the driver Mike, who did a great job bringing us safe to LA and entertaining us with funny announcements along the way. The bus had wifi and electrical outlets and both worked just fine. We departed on time and arrived half an hour earlier than planed. The only reason I give one star less is not that comfortable seats, but hey, for 20 bucks, I already got much more than I paid for. Will keep riding Greyhound during our stay in the States.", 'stars': '4', 'usefull_likes': '2'}
{'review': "Staff who doesn't want to help you. Security who thinks that they are Cops profiling you while a tweaking crackhead is over there looking for a victim. Thus is Frisco. Otherwise clean and modern...", 'stars': '3', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "Nice area. Enough employees and they're helpful. The bus was ok and had electrical outlets.", 'stars': '5', 'usefull_likes': '3'}
{'review': 'First 10 minutes here:- check in to realize that to get a discounted rate (by more than HALF the cost of a ticket) you have to buy online TWO hours before the flight. Gotcha. So, my $24 ticket from SF to Los Angeles ended up being $61.50 because I didn\'t buy it half an hour ago. Fine. My bad. - I\'m told that in order to "go through security" that I have to take allllll my shit out of my bag and put it on the table so the woman can see the bottom of the bag. Panties, bras, tampons, phone charger, all out for everyone to browse. - the same security agent that so rudely handled my luggage, asked another possibly-customer, "where are you going?" to which she replies, "that\'s none of your goddamned business" and ensues a fighting match between a 250-lb. person and a skinny resident crack head. \xa0My money is on the crackhead. She seemed feisty. Fast forward:- the bus loaded on time and smelled good, was clean and spacious. - driver greeted everyone in a friendly manner. I\'m usually a big proponent of Greyhound and I\'ll definitely take it again. It\'s certainly economical and usually the overall experience is more enjoyable.', 'stars': '5', 'usefull_likes': '1'}
{'review': 'WARNING: RIDING THIS MAY BE A HEALTH HAZARD AND MAY CAUSE DEATH.So on Monday Jan 26th 2015 early morning I\'ve arrive to this station with the same luggage and Pelican 1510 carry-on case and a laptop bag. But one the 31st of Jan 2015 at 10:57pm I\'ve return to the station for m 5:30am bus. I\'ve already check out my hotel. Once I\'ve arrive back to the station, I was told that I needed to check in both my carry-on and my luggage backpack. The floor manager tells me that I need to pay him 15 dollars extra for my Pelican 1510 carry-on case that has my camera equipment and needs to be storage on the bottom of the bus. I\'ve taken the greyhound from Vancouver B.C to Seattle to Portland to Eugene to San Francisco and not once I was ask to pay for the camera equipment as extra luggage. I\'ve told the floor manager that night you kidding me, you want me to place $6000.00 below the bus so anyone can just take it? This is a carry-on and has been certified TSA accepted as a carry-on and they have the same amount of space above your buses. He then continue to say that he is not going to argue with me and just pay the damn bag and move on. Pretty damn rude if you ask me. I wasn\'t mad or had any intent to raise my voice. I was more shock that he was overly aggressive and I\'m a tourist from Japan but I\'m French native. The security guard that was work was a white american male and he was also rude. Then I\'ve heard the words "Stupid Tourist" and I\'ve never confront both of them and continue to just go and pay for my carry-ons and wait until the bus came at 5:30am that is when I\'ve ask the bus driver can I bring my camera equipment with me and he responded "Of course I don\'t see why not" It\'s a carry-on. I was rip off by a greyhound floor manager. I will be contacting greyhound.', 'stars': '2', 'usefull_likes': '1'}
{'review': 'Soon after my review appeared I was contacted by a Greyhound representative, who apologized for the driver and offered me a voucher covering the cost of the trip. I was happy to accept and pleased that the customer service department was quick to respond. For that reason I have raised my original rating. Additionally, as my review stated, the real problem was with the driver and not with the station or its employees. The station is clean and well-maintained and its employees were helpful and considerate.', 'stars': '1', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': 'This is the worst greyhound terminal ever. They have terrible customer service, the security lady is so rude. The want to charge a $20 service for any ticket service. The buses are always delayed. Towards the end of the night there are a lot of homeless people in the terminal lingering around. Avoid taking greyhound, try megabus or boltbus!', 'stars': '3', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "Did Greyhound get me from point A to point B? Yes. For this it deserves 3 stars. It also got me from SF to LA for $49. Can't beat that. Now, the reasons it didn't get 4 or 5 stars: 1 - the buses are dirty.2 - unfortunately Greyhound attracts people that are dirty. We all have our days but I don't want to spend 8 hours on a bus next to someone who hasn't bathed. Way to get around this is to travel with a partner so you have control over who sits next to you. If you do this, you're golden. 3- The website advertises buses with wifi and electrical plugs but the one I got on was the same type of bus I used 10 years ago. I felt misled by Greyhoudn. Complete anomalies to this trip compared to other time I have used Greyhound was one person threatening the driver while driving and a group of passengers threatening a passenger for snitching on them to the driver. Both situations were resolved but both nearly ended in violence. Just know that you're not flying on a plane and shit gets real very quickly. If you're ok with that, Greyhound is for you. I'll continue using them for last minute trips. An alternative to Greyhound: cashuttlebus.com", 'stars': '2', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "No point in saving money on travel when you don't even get to your destination. Don't even use greyhound as a last resort. The incompetent staff will not even know where the delayed bus is our when it will get here. Again, if you actually want to get somewhere, don't use greyhound.", 'stars': '1', 'usefull_likes': '1'}
{'review': "This is the worst greyhound and probably the meanest employees I have ever dealt with before in my life. I forgot to print out my ticket and this lady was just flipping out on me I had my confrontation number and everything on my phone from the app where I purchased the ticket then after she tells me print your ticket from the kiosk. After I walk to the kiosk and it's broken I over hear her talking with someone that has the same dilemma as me but gives him the ticket minutes after he tells her his confirmation number. This story drags out longer but by now I'm pretty sure you understand this moral of the story which is never ever use this greyhound in your life never ever your better of swimming car pooling ride share fly amtrack whatever these people are fugazi!!!!", 'stars': '3', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "I dont get all the negative reviews. YOU GET WHAT YOU PAY FOR!What you people expect on a $20 bus ticket to Los Angeles? Anyways this place is efficient. Take it for what it is, a bus terminal. Security is a complete joke! They wand you and peek into your bag and make sure you dont have any weapons or anything. The station has everything, bathrooms, vending machines, outlets. seating space with tvs to watch. Getting tickets is easy with the kiosk or talking to the people at the desk. I normally just book online and print out my ticket there so I skip this whole phase.The busses are well, old. Some recline some dont. If it doesn't move. Some have outlets some dont. I met some pretty cool people on the bus while riding down to LA. Hey its 8 hours what am I suppose to do besides sleep. Dont really have any complaints. Busses were on time when I used the service. Took off a star for the old busses.", 'stars': '1', 'usefull_likes': '2'}
{'review': "Wow. \xa0Plan for delays is all I have to say. \xa0945AM Start turned into a 130 PM start once everything said and done. Mohammed and his group have their work cut out for them. We were advised at first it would be about 45 minutes of delay. This turned into 1 hour and 15 minutes. \xa0Then we were notified that our bus had been taken by another driver in error. \xa0Then we were told it might be another hour. After all of the confusion and turmoil we left at 130 PM to Los Angeles. We got a bag of chips and some water! \xa0 I will miss my connection in Los Angeles. Won't get home probably the next day. Jennifer the bus driver was nice.", 'stars': '1', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "I had a horrible experience here. The people who were working the night that my fiancé and I were supposed to be traveling to San Diego were extremely rude, inconsiderate, and didn't help at all. We had purchased a ticket and were given an E-ticket. Then when we get to the desk to check our bag, they say we can't use the ticket that we already purchased because it's not printed. When we asked if the driver needed to scan the ticket, they said no. So why can't he look at our tickets that we purchased? They told us to print the tickets, come back, and get new tickets that we have to pay MORE for. Makes no sense at all.", 'stars': '4', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': 'On 01/17/2016 while across country on vacation my father called me with an emergency and needed a bus ticket. \xa0I purchased the a greyhound ticket via online pay and my father went to the bus station to board the bus, where he was told the ticket was cancelled. After getting back in touch with me to ask why the ticket was canceled and me calling greyhound, I find out that greyhound canceled the ticket. \xa0However I was charged the ticket price to my bank account, I saw it in pending charges, and waited to see what they would do next. \xa0The charge then went through and was deducted from my account. \xa0I just called to find out the why, and I\'m told that by an agent that I had a very hard time understanding due to English not being her first language, that I purchased a nonrefundable ticket, and that she would transfer me to the next level, where I met the rudest agent I have encountered in some time. \xa0The name she gave me was Mrs. Peters and the number she supplied was #6674, however her tone and attitude makes me wonder if she made those up. \xa0Mrs. Peters, attempted several times to talk over me and when I tried to get her attention, by saying Mam\'m several times, she mocked me by doing the same. \xa0She did say that a refund had been issued and when I asked how long that would take for me to see it, she said 48 hours, then stopped once she realized it had been 48 hours and changed it to 72, so I asked for some sort of confirmation number to my refund, she replied with "I don\'t see what the problem is". You don\'t see that we had an emergency, purchased a ticket, had it canceled, where I then had to wire him train money, Greyhound took my money, and is claiming there\'s a refund coming, and all I would like is a confirmation number, and you can\'t see the problem?? Mrs. Peters then became very condescending and said, "If I knew how banks work, then I wouldn\'t be worried". I had to explain to Mrs. Peters that I have almost 20 years\' experience in Credit and Collections and I more than aware how banks work. \xa0I cannot believe how rude everyone has been when all I was trying to do was use their service! That\'s it and as of now, I paid for the service but was not allowed to use it and I\'m not sure if I will receive a refund or not, since Mrs. Peters is so rude.', 'stars': '1', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "I still haven't boarded the bus. I booked 11pm bus. It's 12.30 am. They overbooked, so had to wait. Seriously the buses in India are much better. Horrible journey. You can see only drunkards travelling by this bus.", 'stars': '1', 'usefull_likes': '6'}
{'review': "Absolutely horrendous service. Had a 5:15pm bus to Sacramento. Get my ticket 20 minutes early with no indication of any delays. 5 minutes before we're supposed to leave there is an announcement that the bus is inexplicably running 45 minutes late. An hour goes by with no explanation and then the 6:30 bus arrives. We're not allowed on that bus nor are we given any direct contact with the staff other than the 6:30 bus driver who is just as confused as us. There's no excuse for so little attention. Definitely exploring other public transportation options and definitely never using this station again", 'stars': '1', 'usefull_likes': '7'}
{'review': 'Greyhound Buses are the worst! Not only are their terminals in a rather questionable condition but the buses themselves are an insult to any paying customer. We boarded in Las Vegas and were on our way to San Francisco. The terminal was dirty, filled with too many homeless people and drunks. It was disgustiging. To make it even more disgusting those drunk, drugged people were on our bus. The bus had an unbearable stank. The onboard toilette added to this odour. Horrible! Then we got off in LA Anaheim. Same scenario, dirty people, obviously unwashed and stinky, we dobnt know what kind of problems they have/had but to let badly stinking people board .... What can I say? People were disgusted by some of these guests. Awful! The ride from LA to San Francisco was a stinky one. The bus was dirty, people left filth everywhere, the onboard toilet stank horribly. We will never ever board another of this coaches! Never ever!', 'stars': '1', 'usefull_likes': '1'}
{'review': 'Shittiest, worst way to travel. Broken down old buses, incompetent, uncaring workers. Zero stars.', 'stars': '1', 'usefull_likes': '9'}
{'review': "The station itself is okay and the staff is fine. I take a bus 10:10am from San Francisco to Sacramento very often and when it happens to be man as a driver the things are going the way they suppose to be, nice and smooth driving, departs are on time, manners are good. BUT when it's a lady-driver, the one with the dark hair and glasses, you can be sure that you trip is already messed up. She is always late, it happened more then 5 times to me already and today is the same story once again. She is horrible driver, she does not feel brakes at all. She made the wrong turn once and we stucked up in traffic for extra 40 minutes(!). And she is also rude and loud, be humble - stay away from arguing with her. And the buses on Sacramento - San Francisco line are horrible, i feel like i can get disease for just settling down in one of those nasty sits. That's why i never take my jacket off.", 'stars': '1', 'usefull_likes': '2'}
{'review': "The worst traveling experience I've had. The buses are ALWAYS late. My bus was 1.5 hours late. Plus they always underestimate the time needed at stops along the way. They say the bus will stop at such and such location 5 minutes along the route to pick up people and it will take 30 minutes. My trip had 4 of these stops. I could go on about how bad the service is; uninformed workers, unclean bus, poor stations, crazy fellow travelers... But I'll just finish by saying I arrived 4 hours late on a trip that was supposed to take 3 hours (said greyhound). So a 7 hour trip filled with frustration.", 'stars': '1', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': 'Not surprised that this place only got two stars. Our bus was 30 minutes late, we weren\'t in a rush, however, if we were this would suck and there\'s no reason that this needed to be. The security was a dick for no logical reason and the same security guy fell asleep in his chair...there is your 911 security. The whole area is in the middle of nowhere, therefore, the only thing to eat is vending machine food most of which is not gluten free. Going to the bathroom was a challenge as there was a lot of "turbulence". It was like playing a carnival game. I spent more time hitting my body against the walls than I did constructively dispose my personal body waste.', 'stars': '2', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': 'Stay away, stay away, stay away!What an awful experience. I flew into SFO from Chicago and needed to make my way to way up north in Arcata, CA to see my brother in time for Thanksgiving. My troubles started even before I got inside the station. Crossing the parking lot of the depot, one of their uniformed employees came running up to me and started yelling at me to get out of the lot. Apparently they only want you using the sidewalks, but there were no signs or chains cordoning off the area to the contrary. I turned around to go the long way, but he continued to chase me until I reached the pavement. Talk about excessive. Did one of the drivers recently run over someone? One wonders!Arriving at the bus terminal a full two hours before my 2:45pm departure, I checked in with the counter, only to greeted by yet another rude individual. The lady checking my online printout said she "checked" me in, but only after wasting time chatting with another co-worker about who was going to take their lunch break first. They held up the line instead of just taking care of the customers and then sorting out their schedules. Seriously, that\'s unprofessional.The rest of the station is equally disturbing. After checking in with the counter, a gruff security guard requested to see my tickets, which I gave him. He let me pass and then it was time to search for the restrooms. The bathrooms were absolutely filthy, even though they stunk of strong industrial cleansers. Upon returning to the main terminal, I overheard one of the other passengers saying you had to dump all of your bags on the dirty floor in a row, as a way of marking whether or not you may or may not make it on the bus. Apparently Greyhound massively overbooks the buses. I had to dump a really nice leather tote on the floor just to make sure I was awarded boarding privileges, even though I booked nearly a month in advance online. Talk about an incompetent system. The entire two hours I spent in the terminal I kept a razor sharp eye on my bag, as it was easily the most expensive looking item in the entire train station. Wearing a pair of brown corduroys, a wool sweater with loafers makes you the best dressed person in a building (and it wasn\'t even close), one has to wonder about the joint. Greater than half of the people milling about were in torn and stained clothing, on drugs or were living off the street, or were a combination of all of the above. If you want to experience a taste of the third world but without having to travel, just visit this bus station! During my stay in the station, I overheard such lovely conversations as to the best way to sell or buy drugs, what were the best places that didn\'t check your credit or background to rent an apartment and so forth. After hearing this, I reported the individuals that were trying to engaging in pushing drugs to the security guard, which he promptly proceeded to ignore me and told me to sit down and behave.When it was finally time to board, I grabbed my bags and headed for the bus. Upon handing the ticket to the driver, he said that I needed an updated ticket, even though the girl printed it out just a few hours earlier. I tried explaining to him that there was nothing wrong with the ticket according to the counter, but he forced me off the bus by throwing my ticket out on the ground! It takes a lot to get my riffled, but combined with the other employees I had dealt with, my patience was running thin. I sprint back to the counter and told the same girl that gave me the original ticket that the bus driver had issues with it. She said nothing was wrong and said I couldn\'t board the bus! Excuse me, but if there\'s nothing wrong, why can\'t I board? Talk about dense and indifferent! At that point, the bus was just about to take off (last one for the day to Arcata and I wasn\'t about to stay overnight in San Francisco\'s expensive hotels) and I ordered the security guard to hold up the driver. I turned back to the ticket counter girl and demanded to speak with her manager. Her manager was just walking past me, as her shift was ending. She claimed she couldn\'t help, but when I asked to speak with someone else, they said no other manager was available. She started to walk away with not so much as an "I\'m sorry", before I stepped in her way and informed her that there was no way she was leaving until I was on that bus. She grabbed my ticket and then talked to the bus driver, letting me pass. They never did explain what was "wrong" with my ticket. Pathetic. Once on the bus, I managed to snag a row near the driver which was empty. \xa0Although I was very tired, I refused to fall asleep on the bus, giving the very seedy nature of several of the passengers in the terminal. Talk about a stressful and long trip, punctuated by outrageously obnoxious employees literally at every step along the way. When you factor in the lost time, stress and other general unplesantness, you should consider hitchhiking if broke.', 'stars': '1', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': 'The people who work here are RUDE. \xa0I walked up to the counter, then the customer service guy was staring at the floor. \xa0after 1 minute, he yells "u need something?" \xa0Hello! \xa0Why do u think i walked up to the counter and stared at you for 1 minute? \xa0The security guard also has attitude problems. \xa0The nus and lobby was kept clean though.', 'stars': '1', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "I haven't taken Greyhound in years, but after seeing that my particular trip was cheaper and more convenient than Amtrak I decided to give it a try. Went on the website and was happy to see they had new buses, internet access and electrical outlets--yaaay! On the way to the station (about 4a.m.) there was a road closure so we had to double back and take a back road--and could not arrive in time for departure. Their exchange policies are ridiculous. I was prepared to pay a fee in order to exchange my ticket. I was told tickets have to be exchanged The Day Before travel, and only at a station. This means if an emergency occurs on your travel day, tough luck. And if there's no station near you, tough luck. You can't even pay the additional fees to catch the next \xa0bus. Also . . . Greyhound charges $20 if you purchase a ticket for someone else, which is the original reason I stopped using Greyhound.", 'stars': '1', 'usefull_likes': '2'}
{'review': 'Low and behold... got a letter saying they would not refund the extra tickets unless I send them the receipt... the tickets were with my kids, they did not save it. \xa0At the end of the day I am out $48 because the ticket agent issued new tickets instead of pulling up the will call tickets already purchased. \xa0BULLCRAP - SHAME ON GREYHOUND!', 'stars': '1', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "Sooooo, maybe not all my West Coast trip reviews are going to be four or five stars. Maybe we can be choosy and informed with our food, but travel-wise we didn't have much choice. Budgets can be a killer, but when I thought that scrimping on travel meant I'd be eating far better, I just sat cramped and thought of the munch. SF to LA was a cinch, super cheap and four of us travelled which meant we didn't have any crazies as we were all two to a seat. Phew!Because... there's always a resident crazy. On every Greyhound. This one wasn't so bad, but we were made to feel a bit er, potentially criminal when we went through security. Although I can see why. Cheap travel is always going to attract strange folks. In our time using the Greyhound across the West Coast, we encountered an aging stoner who continuously complained about the temperature and / or lack of cigarette breaks, a conspiracy theorist who kept lapsing between English and Spanish to conceal the fact that he was complaining about the presence of Europeans (us) on the bus, people who decided they couldn't wait until the next rest stop for a joint, and even a driver who told everyone to 'remain seat' (what does that even mean?) and nearly left a passenger behind when she went to the toilet, meaning she had to run after the bus. Funtimes! Yay.Carlos has it down to a T in his review. It gets you from A to B. And I too felt misled. The buses with the comfy seats, wifi and plug sockets are few and far between. I encountered one on the way to Portland from San Diego (don't... even) parked up next to ours and I syphoned the wifi from it for as long as humanly possible, almost crying because I knew I had a whole night of tailbone-crushing discomfort ahead of me while they had super plush rest. Ugh.But you know what? It's entertaining stuff. Might not be at the time, but boy it makes for some stories.", 'stars': '1', 'usefull_likes': '2'}
{'review': "From the moment I stepped in to this joint, I knew this was gonna be bad. Travelers weary from trips cross country, jeans soiled, laying on and under the wire seating on the November-cold cement.The kind of place that's hard to feel at ease. Some guy asked to use my phone then asked me if I could buy him a drink. Wouldn't be surprised if he asked me to wipe his ass too.Happy holidays", 'stars': '3', 'usefull_likes': '4'}
{'review': "I am not a fan of Greyhound but my last experience was great. Ryan and Cassie were unbelievably kind and helpful. I had way too much luggage and they worked with me to condense my stuff and pay the minimum amount. \xa0They were understanding and kind, I can't say enough good things about them. Thank you again a million for helping me.", 'stars': '1', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': 'Airline seats all locked up. Gotta get back to Frisco in time for my hu$tle, (thank you Merica) before I get fired. $32 LA-SF. Now beat that, Southwest! I\'ve got the 6 hours...at night only. Midnight, downtown LA, Boarding. Ah that nostalgic Greyhound smell. Dirty socks, sweat, and burritos. The sugar coating is off. Everybody looks away like they\'re scared of me, as I scan them, looking for an empty seat. I was last minute, no res. Gritty mess of humanity. All with their own "space halo" around them. I\'m part of it. I grab an empty seat. Around me, cowboy hat farmworker type, with shiny cowboy boots, next to professor type, with open briefcase, reading. Silent. They speak different languages. Across "Pimp type," sitting next to "teen runaway type," piercings, young, trying to be "in control," but obviously not, a stereotype out of countless Hollywood movies. He picks up on it immediately as if he just found a gold Rolex on the seat next to him, and he "launches," it\'s part of his "thang". \xa0He\'s workin her before we depart, and she, obviously uncomfortable, has lost control of the situation, and is still "trying to be nice," scared to offend, totally outclassed, and becoming more vulnerable by the minute. Sheep to slaughter. Should \xa0I intervene? Offer her to switch seats? Stand up so I\'ll have the advantage, (never sit down in a potential conflict situation. You can figure out why,) and tell him to leave this young girl alone? But I start to have doubts. I ain\'t worried about him, but what if she doesn\'t want to be "rescued?" What if she tells me "mind your own business?" The thought of rejection silences me and I stare out the window, trying to blank out the "jive talk." "Yeah suga, when we get to Frisco, I\'ll swing you by my crib, we could get high and I\'ll set you up." I am mentally horrified as I fast forward to how badly this might turn out for her. As we pull out of the LA basin, for me, it\'s "Midnight Cowboy" and I\'m Dustin Hoffman, sitting next to Robert DeNiro the "Taxi Driver". He reaches out first. Denouncing "Obama, criminals, and Gun control." I\'m in no mood. I just want to try and sleep, and the "pimp chatter" is starting to get to me. So I do what pple have done on Greyhound since the beginning of time, I look out the window and daydream. In the "sky full of stars, I think I see you....." \xa0heehee, can\'t wait to get back. Stay silent, count the hours. Arrival. I get up. Everyone\'s bailing fast like from a burning building. "Taxi Driver" gone already muttering to himself, "worst damn trip ever." Maybe cause I didn\'t talk? Bad about Obama? Sooorrry I didn\'t feel like it. I look over at Ann Marie (I learned midway through the trip that this was her name.) who was looking around nervously. I could tell, she wants to be rescued. She\'s looking right at me scared, assuming I had heard everything. "Father figure" maybe? She was right. I looked squarely at her and asked, "Wanna catch the Muni together?" She smiled, relieved, and said "sure." Mr. Pimp launches into his predictable bullshit threats and I brush past him, "excuse me," turn and face him and tell her to call the police and tell them she\'s being harassed and is afraid. We walk away together to his threats of "Ima kill yo ass, and that lil ho too." Yeah whatever. He acted like I stole his iPhone or something. Step out into the cold morning air and walk towards Muni together, i to go home, she to go to AAU (Academy of Art University, yeah she was a student there.) Stopped of at Starbucks, I bought two coffees, she thanked me like a million times, (not necessary, I hope someone would do the same for my daughter someday, although I hope I have taught her, and she just naturally has, better sense.) We parted and I got on Muni to go home thinking to myself, I made it on time, driver was good, bus was okay. I got at least what I paid for, ($32) maybe more, yeah, I\'m good. As for all the rest, this is, was, and always will be, Greyhound.', 'stars': '5', 'usefull_likes': '1'}
{'review': "I'm not sure what to expect when I take the bus.From the reviews it seems a complete luck of the draw - we had a perfectly fine experience.The waiting area was not big enough as there aren't enough seats but it's fine.The boarding process was a little odd where people put bags in place to save their spot in line. But they have boarding numbers anyway so it seems strange to see that. They are pretty strict about enforcing the boarding numbers here. We were #1 and #2 so no complaints from us.The bus was new - leather seats with outlets and wifi. The latter not being great but usable. The seats were not as comfortable as you might think. They were too thin and had no cushioning meaning you had no lumbar support if you leaned back and it was too rigid when sitting up straight!Most people got on at Oakland and there was a stop in Coalinga for 30 minutes for an odd middle of the night experience at Burger King. All the buses stop there because the drivers get a free meal.It's a cheap way down to LA and if you don't want to pay for a hotel one night then taking the bus down solves that compared to flying.But you get what you pay for.", 'stars': '3', 'usefull_likes': '2'}
{'review': 'the chairs are very uncomfortable to sit on, too many pathetic people frequent the place (probably true of any greyhound station.) not too long ago I rode a filthy bus away from this station... its what prompted me to write this review. It looked as if the bus is NEVER cleaned.', 'stars': '4', 'usefull_likes': '1'}
{'review': 'I take the bus from San Francisco to Sacramento or Truckee fairly frequently. Greyhound is the only option, and they know this. So, they treat their customers with disdain. Its almost comical, if you weren\'t actually trying to get somewhere... Let alone on time.Examples:1) Bus originates (empty) from SF, heading East at 10:10am. However, there are "no buses." So, the 10:10am finally leaves at 11:50am when they find a bus to use. NO BUSES? Hello? That is a bus company\'s ONLY job - to provide buses.2) 4:00pm bus from Sacramento to S.F. is oversold. Despite computers, the internet, gps tracking, smart phones, and apps Greyhound purposefully oversells their buses, leaving passengers stranded by design. So, 10 people with tickets in hand are left stranded at the Sacramento bus depot (gross) from 4:00pm to wait for the 7:00pm bus... of course, the 7:00pm is 2-1/2 hours late - 9:30pm. Instead of being home in time for fireworks on the 4th of July, I spent 6 hours in the heat, trying to catch a bus to go 100 miles.3) Buying tickets online - no matter how far in advance - doesn\'t mean anything. With Greyhound, it doesn\'t matter how far you plan in advance. It is completely hit-and-miss. You\'re not guaranteed a seat. Period. No app for that?4) A late bus finally arrived in Truckee... there were three of us. I was the only person with a ticket in advance. The other two were told to buy theirs on the bus. Bus driver said "I only have one seat left." The two guys who followed the Greyhound station employee\'s advice and waited to buy their tickets missed every other bus (Greyhound/Amtrak) waiting for that late Greyhound to SF, and subsequently got stranded in Truckee overnight. Although I had my ticket and got the last seat, it was still screwed for those other two guys. They should not have followed Greyhound employee\'s advice - they don\'t know what they\'re talking about and tend to make things up.5) The attitude of Greyhound employees does NOTHING to help the problems inherent in their system. I have never seen such a sad bunch of apathetic, disrespectful luddites in my life. And moreover - they straight lie to your face to avoid conflict instead of resolving the conflict in the first place. Its really crazy. You\'ll need lots of patience. I\'m left wondering if its Greyhound\'s systems that make the employees suck, or their employees make their system suck. Either way - it sucks.6) I was actually eating food I had just purchased from the Greyhound-operated restaurant while waiting for the bus in Sacramento when they decided to kick everybody out of the restaurant for cleaning... in the middle of the day. Right in the middle of our meals. WTF?', 'stars': '2', 'usefull_likes': '1'}
{'review': "Aight Greyhundo I'm gonna ease up on my boycott. At least for the late buses in the wee hours, they still do the checkpoint but it's a hell of a lot less ridiculous. I guess the dog-and-pony underwear searching show is aimed at reassuring the perpetually scared Sacramento commuter dollar in the mornings and afternoons.", 'stars': '1', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': 'They blow. Very mean and agressive, dont want to help you out....just seems like all they care for is to drive and get paid, which wouldnt be a problem besides when i need to get to another city in time for Work and it doesnt happen becase the driver was sooooo rude. The company didnt give me a refund neither.', 'stars': '3', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "So, I was weary of taking Greyhound but desperate measures made me turn to this, after not being able to fit in the other shuttle services into my schedule.I bid my farewell with my friends and told them to have a good life after hearing the horror stories of Greyhound.So I ordered an Advanced Purchase ticket for Greyhound Express from San Francisco to Los Angeles Friday before Memorial Day Weekend. \xa0It cost 30.99, which to me was such a good deal with gas prices nowadays. \xa0I showed up a hour early, 3:45PM for my 4:45PM departure fearing the madness of Memorial Weekend travelers.When I got there, I went in from the front, I saw someone getting their bags checked so I went up with my printed ticket and got my bags checked also then asked where I should line up. \xa0I learned that for Greyhound Express, they really DO reserve your seats and don't overbook. \xa0So instead, I came a hour early to sit in the Greyhound Express area until we boarded at 4:30PM. \xa0So for future reference, if you order Greyhound Express, no need to show up a hour early, just come 20 minutes prior to departure and you should be good.Greyhound was also pretty empty for a Friday night of a three-day weekend. \xa0Only 6 of us boarded onto the bus from SF. \xa0When I got onto the bus, I was amazed at how clean the new buses were. \xa0There were outlets on nearly all the seats (except for the handicapped chairs) and the seats were fairly new. \xa0We stopped by Oakland and San Jose to pick up more greyhounders and the bus became about 80% filled.Overall, the bus was clean, there was free wifi which was okay when everyone was asleep, but when everybody was awake, the wifi came to a crawl, and the outlines were awesome. \xa0We made a stop at Coalinga next to a Burger King (i feel like Greyhound and Burger King arranges something because all Greyhound buses stopped there, and it's the only fast food around there unless you walk 5-7 minutes to McDonalds.There's some interesting stories I have to share but overall the ride was fine, the driver was great, and didn't run into any weird people. \xa0It was cheap, w/ wifi, and an outlet, pretty awesome.Negatives: It was EXTREMELY stuffy. \xa0I'm not sure why the AC wasn't on, or at least have ventilation, but it was super STUFFY and sometimes hard to breathe. \xa0I'm not sure if it was just this bus or all Greyhound buses, but it was pretty bad.Another negative, it might just be me, but the seats were so new, they were still pretty tough/hard and it was VERY uncomfortable for me. \xa0But no one else seemed bothered by it so I assume it's just me.So although I think Greyhound is great, I personally wouldn't take it again unless I had a companion because the stuffiness and the uncomfortable chairs kills it for me, but Greyhound itself for any other might be great.", 'stars': '1', 'usefull_likes': '5'}
{'review': "All I can say is that when you get on the bus and have to sit next to someone, you better spread your legs first. Otherwise, it's going to be a loooong, cramped bus ride!", 'stars': '3', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': 'After reading all the reviews, I was pleasantly surprised. \xa0The waiting room was spacious and clean, and there was a security guard checking the tickets to keep the riff-raff out. \xa0However, one thing I did not expect was to be sexually harassed BY THE SECURITY GUARD. \xa0 When he checked my ticket, he asked me where I was from, then asked lots of questions about what I had been doing in SF.Then he started asking me for my number and email address, saying that all the ladies give it to him (what?), and I politely declined. \xa0I tried opening a book and making notes, but he kept bothering me with comments like "if you stayed at my house, you wouldn\'t get any sleep, girl!"He then accused me of being stuck up because I wouldn\'t answer personal questions about e.g. my age, my relationship status, where I was going, who I was staying with, etc.He acted like he was Denzel Washington, but he looked like Shrek. Seriously, someone should do something about Forest Gump\'s much older, ruder, fatter and over-sexed and inarticulate cousin.By the way, I did not visit the bathroom, but there was a stench coming out of one of them that was enough to make me dry heave (or was that the security guard?).', 'stars': '1', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "I had the best experience, hands down. \xa0I changed my mind about driving to a business meeting at the last minute - very tired; didn't want to create a hazard for other drivers on the road; didn't want to spend more on the trip than what would've been spent driving a hybrid. \xa0For approx. $60, greyhound takes you from SF to LA in 7.5 hours. \xa0It was a clean, brand new bus with wide leather seats, air conditioning, and electrical outlets. \xa0I was hesitant at first about riding the bus because I had heard horror stories from past riders, e.g. run down and dirty buses, drug/ alcohol addicts vomiting on the seats and floor, men staring at female passengers like a hungry person stares at people eating food, and the lack of security. \xa0Luckily, I did not experience any of this.", 'stars': '4', 'usefull_likes': '4'}
{'review': "If I could give greyhound zero stars I would. Greyhound company policy is that you either print your ticket at home or do will call. \xa0I accidentally left two tickets at my friends house I was staying at and went two different places out if this station in a week. The first time I had told them I had left my ticket at my friends house the lady that was helping me out was sweet. She tried all three computers to print my ticket.The second time I arrive a hour early to try and get my ticket reprinted. The man and the counter was very rude. He rolled his eyes at me and didn't even let me speak. Neither people at the counter even tried to print my ticket they were just telling me to buy a new ticket. I finally agree to buy a ticket for the same bus that I had already purchased a ticket for and they told me the bus was full and I would have to take another one. After arguing for five minutes I am finally able to buy a ticket for DOUBLE the price of the original ticket. All together I paid $120 for a ticket from sf to la. Go to megabus if it picks up and drops off where you need to go. Last time I am taking greyhound.", 'stars': '2', 'usefull_likes': '1'}
{'review': "Perfectly acceptable option. 3 stars because I'm from the east coast and am accustomed to Bolt/Megabus-type buses that are a bit cheaper, newer and ALWAYS have WiFi. Greyhound needs some competition!Okay, so I need to go somewhere last-minute and have neither the cash for an airplane (or Amtrak, but it sucks too) ticket nor the inclination to rent a car, so this is pretty much my last resort.Anecdotally, my round trip from SF to Santa Barbara:TIMELINESS -- AcceptableOne bus was totally on time and the other was slightly delayed but only 15 minutes late (which the bus driver made up en route) -- route took 9 hours which is silly considering it should have been 7, but they kept to the schedule, so I respect that.BUS QUALITY -- Hit or missBoth buses were fine, but don't sit next to the bathroom if you can help it (pee smell). One of the buses was new and the seats were almost comfortable considering I was glued to them for nine hoursProtip: don't sit near the bathroom. The smell is faint, but present.WIFI -- Hit or missOne bus had it and it makes ALL THE DIFFERENCE. A bus with wifi means you do not get bored out of your skull. Bring a book just in case.SKEEZINESS -- NoneBoth stations were totally clean and I saw oodles more normal (even a few sexy) people than the elitist snobs on Yelp lead you to believe. I live in Washington, DC, on Capitol Hill. If it's good enough for me, it's good enough for you. Get off your high horse. For those of you legitimately worried about getting assaulted, every stop has a staff member on hand to ensure your safety.STAFF HELPFULNESS -- FineDon't be an ass, they're totally fine. I mean one of the bus drivers was a little too strict (went on PA to tell people to get off their phones, told people to keep feet out of the aisles), but he maintained order and that's fine by me.OVERALL THOUGHTSI'm not sure how to finagle it, but this cute college girl was totally eye-humping me the whole trip. Even without this pleasant surprise, I would not hesitate to take it again, you know, if it was my only option.", 'stars': '3', 'usefull_likes': '4'}
{'review': "I recently rode greyhound from SF to Sacramento. \xa0After reading the yelp reviews I was expecting the worst. \xa0I was happily surprised with the service I got. \xa0First off, its a bus you're taking, not a limo, so lower your expectations.The reviews make it sounds like you have to dress like a homeless person to fit in. \xa0Not the case at all. \xa0Bus station was clean, service was prompt, and the bus ride was smooth.Get over yourselves people, taking the bus is fine!", 'stars': '3', 'usefull_likes': '6'}
{'review': "It's a bus. \xa0 What do you expect?I read a lot of the reviews on here before I took my recent trip via bus to SF and was a bit concerned. \xa0But the reality of it was, it was a cheap way to travel, no more, no less. \xa0The bus driver was a bit surly but that was my only real complaint. \xa0The bus station in SF was clean, yeah there were a couple of homeless people there (at about 1:30 AM) but they weren't bothering me or (from what I could tell) anyone else. \xa0The bus wasn't crowded and was on time. \xa0No one on the bus was rude or obnoxious in any way.In fact, though I wouldn't take the bus for any trip much longer than the Reno to SF trip I just took, just because of time, I preferred it to a plane by mile. \xa0At no point in the trip was I required to take of my shoes, walk through a metal detector or get groped by a TSA agent. \xa0And it was far less crowded than the flying cattle cars I get herded onto when I take a plane somewhere.", 'stars': '3', 'usefull_likes': '2'}
{'review': 'Everything you need to know about riding the Dog.1. Even though the "express" busses are advertised as having wi-fi and plugs, they often over sell the routes and then will outsource the route to an old crappy bus. This is especially true during the holiday times. There will be NO PLACE to charge your phone, so plan accordingly.2. If you purchase your ticket online, there is NO reason to show up way early for the bus. \xa0There is nothing to do but line up, and let\'s face it, do you really care that much about what seat you get on the bus?3. \xa0The seats are very uncomfortable. \xa0If you are tall or long legged, prepare to be miserable.4. \xa0The temperature on the bus varies greatly, dress in layers. Bring a travel blanket and pillow. \xa0You will thank me.5. The meal break is at a truck stop. Do yourself a favor and bring healthy food and water. It will be a mad dash for the mini mart and you will spend most of your meal break in line.6. \xa0The bus will be loud, people have no manners, so keep that in mind. If you are sound or smell sensitive, you should probably not take the bus.It gets you from point A to B.There is a new service called mega bus, I am going to check them out for next time.', 'stars': '2', 'usefull_likes': '3'}
{'review': 'Yelp does not let me rate in negative!!Probably worse service ever!!I was traveling with my family from LA to SJ. I bought tickets well in advance. I reached to Greyhound office 20 minutes prior to bus departure understanding that, purpose to plan in advance and buy tickets online is to avoid wait time in queue. But, I was wrong!!! Consider it as an airline. You need to go 2-3 hours prior. BTW, You will never know when they would introduce strip search!!Anyway, my story continues..I was checked in on time!! while I entered the gate, bus driver shut the door on my Face!! I asked, I have purchased tickets, I am well before time. Bus still has 10 more minutes to go. Whats the reason for him not letting me enter? He said the bus is full!! I showed him the ticket that I purchased for this bus, He said people who were waiting for last 2 hours took my seat!!! And now I need to earn my seat by waiting for next 2-3 hours with my family!!It does not stop here. I spoke with his manager. She replied, Sir this is how we have been running business!! You can wait for next bus (for 3 hours) and I will make sure that you get a seat on the next bus!! I told myself, and thats how another family will not get their seat. I asked to speak with her manager, and at that time driver started that bus and left us to wait for next 3 hours.I spoke with Her manager, and described everything. So refused to accept what happened. My brother took a video of that bus with number plate and time in clock next to the door. I showed her that video, then she said It does not happen that usually.I did not have any other option but to wait and steal 4 seats from another family. I spoke with the same lady and asked her, you should have all the information of who booked tickets online and how many people will be traveling. The why is this an issue? Its 21st century and we are in USA. Its not a third world country. To my surprise she replied, Sir we still have all the information on paper. Well certain business could not adopt technology I guess.It does not end here. But I do not have patience to describe everything. I waited patiently, grabbed some poor fellows seat and told myself to never buy Greyhound Ticket again.This post is not for a bullshit reply saying how sorry you are for me to fase this!! This is to make people aware of the quality of service. Not all business can afford to offer quality service friend. Please be aware and make sure that you do not have to face this situation with your family.', 'stars': '1', 'usefull_likes': '1'}
{'review': 'The worst experience traveling by bus in my life was on this station.I\'ve traveled by bus in many places in Brazil and South America, and I\'ve never seen a customer service as bad as the one at this Greyhound Station.It was Friday night and I had my bus ticket from SF to LA at 11pm. So, at 11:30, there was an announcement saying that my bus was canceled and also the other bus that was going to Reno. They didn\'t say why. I heard that they always cancel when a bus is not full and they won\'t make money with it.I thought at least they could offer some help to customers, to refund the tickets and help find other alternatives to go there. But no, they just didn\'t care about all the people stuck there. They were really rude to all customers that asked for refunds and that asked for information about the next buses scheduled. The woman at the counter was screaming at everyone. They said the only way to get a refund was to come back in the next day to that same station. But many people really had to leave before that.And then, all of a sudden, they simply closed the information desk. So, everybody had to sleep on the benches and on the floor and wait. In the next day, at 5am, another employee arrived and didn\'t know anything about what happened the night before. He was also rude to everyone, saying "Why didn\'t you refund these tickets yesterday?"Finally, I took a bus at 5:30am, that arrived in LA at 6:00 pm, 12 hours later and without even making a stop for lunch.Seriously, don\'t trust Greyhound if you need to arrive in your destination on time. I had good experiences traveling with them before, but after this one I will never buy a ticket from them anymore.', 'stars': '1', 'usefull_likes': '7'}
{'review': 'My 87 year old Mom travels round trip between Sacramento & San Francisco on Greyhound at least once a month. \xa0The service is excellent! \xa0The new (temporary SF) terminals are clean, airy, safe & the parking is great. \xa0Very travel friendly. \xa0We pre request assistance...the staff is right there to help her pre board! \xa0And the prices...$8.00 round trip!!! \xa0We book ahead online, arrive early &, as previously mentioned, call ahead to request assistance with boarding. \xa0Just wish Sacramento had a parking lot where she could leave her car for a couple of days...LOL \xa0But then life would be too perfect...right?', 'stars': '5', 'usefull_likes': '2'}
{'review': "DO NOT TAKE. \xa0HORRIBLE EXPERIENCE! I booked a bus ticket to LA using greyhound.com. I arrived 45 minutes early and picked up my ticket. I was so happy and excited that I would see my family again. Never in the back of mind would I expect to not have a seat after waiting at the station and holding a ticket in my hand for 45 minutes. Yet. at the time of the departure, Greyhound told several of us that they overbooked. No apology, no compensation, only an offer to exchange my ticket to 5 hours later. I waited another 5 hours at the station and ended taking an overnight bus. I was sick the next day after spending so many hours at the station and overnight on the bus. The most horrible bus experience I ever had. Please save yourself some time and energy. DON'T take Greyhound. The suffering is completely not worth it. There are so many alternatives buses going between LA and SF. There are Megabus, Cals Shuttle, and Gotobus. They are on time and never overbook. I completely lost my faith in Greyhound. I would never take it again and would tell all my family and friends about this story.", 'stars': '1', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "I want to have a word with you about the trip I had coming home to Long Beach from San Diego yesterday (9/18/15). I took the 4 pm bus and the total trip time was listed as being around 2 hours. However, the actual trip time was around 3.5 hours. I want to make sure you are clear on this--MY TRIP WAS ALMOST TWICE AS LONG AS IT SAID ON THE WEBSITE. The bus driver did the best he could, so this is not his failing; instead, the fault lies with whoever you have hired to work on schedules. I say this for one main reason. As long as I have traveled this route, there is always traffic and it always takes longer than your schedules say it will take. In fact, I have taken this trip on and off for about ten years, and it's always the same issue of scheduled times being nowhere near actual times. In all this time, there is no way that your schedulers cannot know that there will be traffic and no acceptable reason why the schedules are not altered to take this into account. IT IS DISHONEST AND UNETHICAL for you to not fix this to reflect more accurately. Let me repeat that--IT IS DISHONEST AND UNETHICAL. When we pulled in to Long Beach, a bus station that normally sees no more than 10 people had at least 30 waiting inside. I shudder to think what those people who had to wait that extra HOUR AND A HALF were going to do when they got to Los Angeles. Besides that, however, for me this trip was made even more egregious by the fact that I was on a wonderful spiritual retreat in the mountains of San Diego County, and had spent five days at this event and was, as you can probably assume, in a very good space leading up to departure. Talk about a buzz kill. I would ask for a refund, but I just want you to do something to fix the problem for others who pay their hard-earned money. But not for me, because after yesterday's trip, you lost me as a customer for life. Friday's trip was the straw that broke the camel's back. Don't ask me to message you privately because I'm saying what I need to say in front of as many as will read this. YOU BLEW IT. Get your act together on the scheduling tip. SERIOUSLY.", 'stars': '1', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': 'any aspiring mma, cage fighter, martial artist that wants to test their skills, this is the place....you may ride with drunks, druggies, combos of both, plain ole criminals,etc...i took the bus up one year on labor day & saw almost 2 fight erupt, lots of arguing..some decent folks traveling but none of us slept...you sleep & you may never wake up...hahahaha', 'stars': '1', 'usefull_likes': '8'}
{'review': 'Pretty rank indeed. Was going to give this place 3 stars (because I\'ve been in worse/more depressing Greyhound stations) but it wouldn\'t have been truthful. If you can, avoid using the bathrooms here. You\'ll likely throw up. Also if you can, avoid walking around outside in general! (All sorts of crackheads & nasties everywhere!)* One thing I especially dislike about this station is how every department seems to be in a different building "around the corner" or something. Had an item in the bus\'s cargo section & it got lost (of course) and it was a practical wild goose chase between buildings to figure out where to go to track it, where to go to check if it arrived yet, where to go to pick it up, etc. The waiting area for buses is TINY here too, which is unclean and uncomfortable. ... Come to think of it I\'m not even sure they deserve 2 stars, but I suppose the +1 star is for the nice service which they had for the most part.So I guess the 2 star average fits.', 'stars': '2', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "I agree that it's not that you need to dress like homeless and have life risk taking a Greyhound bus. I'm a women of 20s traveling by myself, I just took a Greyhound night bus from SF to LA. Departed at 11:00pm arrived LA at 7:00am. The good thing for the night bus is that you can sleep to kill time. I don't feel any life risk, and no bad smell from the bus.One thing is that you'd better get on bus at SF Folsom st station, since this is the first pick up place.", 'stars': '3', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': 'Why have I suckered myself into thinking Greyhound is not that bad? I\'ve taken multiple trips to Los Angeles, Fresno and Santa Ana on this cheap mode of transit and every time, after all of my horrible experiences, I tell myself "Never again, Felicity... Never again". WHY DO I NEVER LISTEN TO MYSELF?!?!?!?!Here are the reasons to NOT take greyhound.1. Greyhound IS dangerous!!! Don\'t try to be tough and think, "I can handle it..." YOU CAN\'T! A guy in Ontario got stabbed to death/ had his brains EATEN whilst SLEEPING on a greyhound. The guy who stabbed him to death was a stranger and was sitting next to him. That was in September of 2008. Also prisons give paroled convicts greyhound tickets... and sometimes they even will transfer convicts from prison to prison UNESCORTED on greyhound!!! No effing joke!!!2. If you have the kind of luck that I do, you WILL sit next to the person who hasn\'t showered in weeks... Or the person who keeps smashing their plastic water bottle for hours on end... Or the person who (insert inconsiderate and annoying pet peeve here)...3. Sometimes the buses simply won\'t come. I was taking the bus from Santa Ana, transferring in Los Angeles and finally arriving in San Francisco. The bus that was supposed to pick me up in the 10pm range simply didn\'t show and I had to pay for a TAXI to take me to the LA station (do you know how much money that is!??! more than a one way flight from Santa Ana to San Francisco). But it\'s cool. Because the Greyhound people told me that they would reimburse me for my taxi ride. Well, guess what... They DIDN\'T! They didn\'t even reimburse me for my ticket from Santa Ana to Los Angeles.4. It\'s sooooooo worth it to just fork up a bit extra dough to take a plane... It will get you to your destination in a quarter of the time, and the great thing about flying is they screen everyone on your flight, so it\'s pretty safe to say you won\'t be getting stabbed/eaten while you\'re sleeping.', 'stars': '1', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': 'I took the bus from San Francisco to LA.The bus was clean and people there were nice, as usual with Greyhound the bus departed late and therefore arrived very late in LA ...', 'stars': '3', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "Well, first of all taking a bus is never fun, especially when there is a big pool of fecal matter swooshing around in the back. \xa0The station has great customer service. \xa0I just don't like the people dwelling there. \xa0One man was kicked out because he wouldn't stop whipping his penis out, he did eventually piss on the floor inside the building. \xa0Oh the memories, thank you Greyhound.", 'stars': '2', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': 'I was rather scared to ride Greyhound after I bought my tickets and then read the reviews on here. But I have to say everything went very well actually...I bought the $6.00 round trip deal from SF to Sacramento. The purchase online was slightly complicated: in the beginning I tried to book for one day where it showed availability for the discounted fares on their website, but then it wouldn\'t let me buy. I went to the Greyhound sales desk (Transbay Terminal) and they said that is because there are no more discounted tickets available, so it was a bug on their website...Anyway, I found tickets for another day that suited me, and I bought them for the first ride of the day (6.15am) and to come back with the last bus at night (11.30pm). I went to pay for my tickets at the local 7-eleven, since that way I didn\'t have to pay processing fees that I would have had to pay for using my credit card.I got to the Transbay Terminal around 10 mins before departure: the bus left on time, and we headed over the bridge to Oakland. Some people embarked there, and the bus got to about 1/3 of its capacity. Very nice, since almost everyone got two seats. Sure, the bus was not the newest one I have ever seen, but it was comfortable and the temperature was acceptable (a bit too cold for my taste maybe). We got to Sacramento 10 mins ahead time. Please note that the Greyhound Terminal in Sacramento is unfortunately not too central.On the way back, I showed up 10-15 mins before departure time. My only complain here was that the sign at the front of the bus for San Francisco said "Reno", so that was a bit confusing and I asked another passenger just in case whether I was waiting at the right time. We left on time. The bus was fuller this time, probably at 2/3 of its capacity. I used the electric outlet (it does work). The trip would have been uneventful if it had not been for 3 obnoxious teenagers who thought they were "mega awesome" and that everyone wanted to listen to their silly conversation. This is obviously out of Greyhound\'s control, but I just can\'t believe how impolite and discourteous some people can be. It was past midnight, everyone was trying to sleep, and however nobody dared to say anything to these 3 disturbing kids. I think it\'s worrying how society is evolving towards a point where we are too "scared" to ask others to behave, knowing that they might turn to be some crazy/violent psychos with guns, knifes, or just verbal violence.We reached San Francisco 10 minutes late, because of an incomprehensibly long stop in Oakland. All in all, I have to say that I\'ll check fares with Greyhound again. I love taking trains, but the return fare with BART + Amtrak (Capitol Corridor) is almost $60 Vs $6 for the bus, and almost identical travel times. That\'s too big a difference. Unless the fare gap is smaller, I\'ll try Greyhound again.', 'stars': '5', 'usefull_likes': '2'}
{'review': "My third and final time ever taking greyhound. I'm generally cool-headed but these employees are unbelievably rude and unprofessional. Its like they're just waiting to pick a fight with you and abuse their authority. Someone needs to tell them that a simple please/thank you goes a long way.", 'stars': '1', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': 'It\'s worth it for the price. That\'s the #1 thing you have to keep telling yourself. That being said: I take Greyhound to Reno several times a month. My boyfriend lives out there and with a $39 R/T (casino fare), I find myself riding the \'Hound more than I\'d desire - ever.To be honest, it\'s not that freakin\' bad...if you go in with the understanding that this is probably going to be an "experience." Fact is: this ain\'t no airport. These are people just like you: trying to save money...or it\'s all they can afford to get where they need to be.Out of all of the times I have taken Greyhound (at least 15+ times), I\'ve only been late two times. That\'s it. More often than not, I\'m 5-10 minutes early, but I am also taking very regular routes that run 5+ times a day. (As far as the lateness: one was unfortunate. It was my first time using Greyhound two years ago. I was about five hours late getting here from Los Angeles because the bus broke down two hours into the ride. The other time was bad weather over Donner\'s Pass. The driver had to install chains to make it through the blizzard and we ended up running about two hours late - totally not Greyhound\'s fault.) There are several things I\'ve learned. If you\'re taking a route that runs several times a day, check out the schedule. I run the SF-Reno route pretty frequently, and I have discovered that some of the routes stop quite a bit while others only stop in Oakland and Sacramento. This shaves about an hour off of my ride time...and I\'m all for that business. Get to the station early and sit in the front of the bus. You\'ll be able to get off the bus quicker at your stop and you don\'t have to smell the bathroom. If you don\'t mind paying a $5 fee, you can skip getting there early and pick your seat ahead-of-time. Shoot for one of the front seats or (my boyfriend swears by it, but I\'m not so sure) head for the right side & fourth row back (he says there is more legroom). Bring headphones. Sometimes the bus makes a less-than-desirable noise or the driver is in a talkative mood...or someone on the bus really likes talking on their phone...or someone brought a baby (I cry "jerk" to this person.). Carry a small fold of toilet paper with you. Sometimes, they\'re out on the bus. It\'s just a fact-o-life. The bus is probably going to be full, especially with the economy the way it is. Just understand that you\'ll probably have to share your seat at some point. If the bus is rather empty, though, and you could get away with no one next to you...just sit on the outside with your bag on the inside and pretend to sleep while they\'re loading at a stop. Generally, no one will bother you. Generally. If you DO have to sit next to someone, be friendly. Nothing sucks more than having a pissed-off person next to you the whole ride. I\'ve had some rather decent conversations with people...and I even got to share a bowl with a nice fella at a stop on my way home on one occassion. (A bowl makes the ride better...fyi.)As for station-related information in the SF location: yes, there are some homeless folks around. Generally, a security guard is standing at the entrance to the waiting room, so you should be ok. When you know what Gate your bus will be loading through, put your bag in the line behind it. This is the line of people to get on the bus and the closer to the front you are, the better. This enables you to choose a seat sooner. The station itself is in a great location for public transit to-and-from the station. Several bus lines (6 and the 31 for sure) load right outside of the station door and the BART line is just a few blocks away. The station is located inside the Transbay Terminal as well, so check the transit.311.org website and see what area buses run from the same station. (The Treasure Island MUNI route also runs through here.) You really couldn\'t ask for a better Greyhound location. As for the waiting area, there are a few seats but not as many as I would expect for a station with this much traffic. There is a big flatscreen TV displaying the news where all of the chairs face.The buses are relatively clean. I\'ve never stepped on gum or anything. The seats are as comfortable as a bus seat can get...much more comfortable than the buses that run through Europe. I\'ve only ever encountered one broken seat lever. It\'s not so bad, really. Of course it\'s not as quick as driving a car, but it\'s usually a reasonable amount of time off with all stops considered. Of course you\'ll encounter "interesting" characters - the same types on any sort of public transportation (Greyhound is pretty much a MASSIVE public transportation option, all things considered.) You might run late sometimes, but usually this is out of the hands of the company due to inclement weather, equipment failures or traffic (it\'s not the sky or a rail - you have to share the road with other cars).Overall, I think Greyhound is doing fantastic with what they have.', 'stars': '4', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "Seriously? Are people this afraid of other people? These people make it sound like taking the bus is a life-risking maneuver, when really, it is just a mode of transportation.It makes sense that it will take double the time it normally would take to get to your destination given that they have to stop at points. It makes sense that you will meet characters that you wouldn't normally on the bus, especially considering they don't check your ID for a ticket.Swallow your pride. Take a bus in the night so you sleep through most of the ride. Don't whine because it isn't Virgin America, because, frankly, it isn't. Take it for a what it is: a reliable, fairly cheap mode of traveling.", 'stars': '4', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "My experience riding Greyhound San Francisco-Los Angeles on 3/30/12 has inspired me to open a yelp account as it should you. There were 2 men who just got out of prison that day. One almost snapped after hearing a couple people having a simple conversation and proceeded to go into a psychotic fit for 1 hour \xa0(whispering,hissing to himself, and snapping his tongue and seemingly biting it too).Someone previously posted that Greyhound assists ex-convicts on the way home from prison and also suggested to sit in the front of the bus to avoid the smell from the bathroom. I did this. Unfortunately, after hearing the simple conversation this man came and sat right next to the passenger across the aisle. So, I heard everything. She was so scared. So was I for the next 5 hours. Don't ride Greyhound. Find a bus co. that cares about their customers. They must stop this.FYI: don't assume these ex-convicts are from maximum security prisons, this man wasn't.", 'stars': '1', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "ZERO stars for this company. \xa0I went on a trip to San Luis Obispo to visit some fam like 6-7 years ago but I still remember the shitty service from Greyhound Bus Lines like it just happened yesterday. \xa0To make a long story short... Let's just say that me and one of the bus drivers almost got into it with each other. \xa0He was a total dick and such jerk off. \xa0I just wanted to fucking sucker punch his ass all the way to Zimbabwe. \xa0No customer should ever feel that way. \xa0No matter what the circumstance is. \xa0I just hope one day I can find him and run him over with his own bus.The bus station in the City was like a homeless shelter and smells like piss and garbage on a hot summer day. \xa0The station at San Luis Obispo looked like it was right smack in the middle of Mexico. \xa0Majority of the passengers are either hella scary, hella stanky, hella rude, or all of the above. \xa0all i can say is NEVER THE F*CK AGAIN..", 'stars': '1', 'usefull_likes': '1'}
{'review': "Y'know, I don't know what's wrong with people. \xa0I wrote a separate review for the Greyhound Package Express service (which was good); reading other people's reviews here about Greyhound and the terminal in SF makes me wonder. \xa0Sure, there will always be 'interesting' colourful people using the bus lines because they're cheap, and I don't doubt there are issues with the service (when does transportation ever go smoothly?)- but honestly people, let's not condemn Greyhound for their customer base. \xa0This terminal is clean, well lite, safe (security guards - what more do you want, a police escort to the counter, or valet service, perhaps) during the half hour I was there shipping something. \xa0I mean, there's a lot of 'OMG, stinky people, don't sleep or you'll get knifed!!!' type hysteria here in the reviews that reminds me of those Reefer Madness public service announcements back in the 50s. \xa0Complain all you want about the company, but scare mongering about the customer base is a little sad. \xa0If you want to judge every company because of who buys the product or service, you might be safer just staying at home, no?", 'stars': '4', 'usefull_likes': '2'}
{'review': 'As for my experience I arrived an hour late to my Santa Ana destination which resulted in a one star deduction.My nine hour seating was broken into sections. My ride started at 9am I checked in at 7.45am and made sure a dude wasnt late. We first stopped at some deserted town off of highway 5 at some BK with various other chains that didnt have any decent vegetarian options (Chevron, MickyDees Nuts, Carlz J, and Denneez) then off we went to LA county.I spoke with a guy named Miguel before my stop who hopped the US/Mexican border on an often occasion. He said "I enjoy, is fun for running away!", I told him to be careful because those Border Patrollers have toys that can perforate you, he replied, "Next I going to record* my runnings". I high-fived him for his adventurous endevours.__________Wow, you people are funkin pansies!!It\'s a bus with a shitter; Expect the scent of molecular feces hit your nasal senses.It\'s a ride thats inexpensive/cheap; Dont expect a guy wearing white gloves to shake your c0ck after pissing, wipe the cheeseburger juice off your face after the stop at Burger King or get upset cuz dem gangstas aint gots no ride.Its location never closes; Homeless people are people too, so let them squatters roam like zombies and sleep. They\'ll mess with you if you let them.__________*I wait patiently for the youtube vid to pop up.', 'stars': '4', 'usefull_likes': '9'}
{'review': "The best part about this station is that they have outlets where you can charge your phone, or sit next to a dude with a ridiculous computer setup just browse Facebook for a few hours. I got here and immediately went to the counter to get my ticket printed. I greeted the gentleman and gave him my ID and my confirmation number. He just looked at me. And it was a look that was like, why are you bothering me? I guess he didn't understand that he was standing at the information counter and that in doing so people would expect him to be equipped with information. Weird. He just pointed to these fancy new machines. Another dude was standing next to him told me to check in using the machine. I honestly don't know how I missed them, but I guess I like talking to humans. I make my way over to the machine, type in my confirmation number and name, get my bag weighed, and things start getting printed and fall to the ground because apparently these machines expect you to bend down and wait as like five pages print out. Cool. The dude who told me to use the machine in the first place summoned me over to put the sticky tag on my checked baggage and I went to the waiting area, where my ID wasn't verified, but my carry on was kind of looked at. How very safe. The bathrooms smelled like bleach and I couldn't tell if that was a good sign or not. My bus was on time so that's cool.", 'stars': '2', 'usefull_likes': '3'}
{'review': 'I took a late night bus from San Francisco to LA, the trip was very nice, comfortable seat, friendly driver, WIFI works (most important), AC works, time just passed fast.', 'stars': '4', 'usefull_likes': '6'}
{'review': 'As with all greyhounds, this is your last resort when strapped for cash. You are getting what you pay for. The bare minimum service to transport your body from one place to another. Arrive an hour early (to ensure 100% you will be on the bus), bring at least a sharp pocket knife with you just in case, and stake out your place in line with your luggage. Make sure you do not take your eyes off the articles even for a moment as this is the greyhound. There is no insurance that your bus will depart or arrive on time. THIS IS KEY.Greyhound is only to be used when you aren\'t working 40+ as your dollar savings are getting blown in wasted time. You can\'t relax, you can\'t sleep, and you could be sitting next to a recent parole release. Sit as close to the driver as possible as to get some insurance from nutcases as the driver won\'t tolerate bullshit right behind him or her. This is also good as you don\'t want to be near the bathroom in the back. Keep to yourself, and be at least courteous to the people around you. Be ready to bite your tongue as people will have no class and will make your trip unenjoyable. Earplugs, a music player, anything to block the noise is a good idea. Do not sleep! You have no idea who you are sitting next to or who is waiting to steal your phone, laptop, wallet, etc.This brings up another point. Don\'t telegraph you have anything expensive. Obviously your phone may be shown to see text messages, but keep expensive items hidden at all times. Dress down (sweats and cheap clothing are good) as you want to blend in. The "bathroom break" is the blackhole where people get left behind. The driver will call for a 5-10 minute break. If you do leave the bus, make sure to tell the driver you will be using the bathroom. This is to re-inforce that someone is indeed off the bus.Make sure to take your carry-on off with you just in case you are left behind and to protect against people robbing you. Seriously run to the bathroom, do not waste time washing your hands, and run back. I have seen multiple people get left behind, as the drivers don\'t give a shit as their inept minds think "oh they\'ll just catch the next one", forgetting that some people have luggage in the locked storage area. I have never been left but have seen people running out of the bathroom too late to be saved. It is hard enough to endure 1-3 hours on one of these things. Do not take a trip that will require a transfer, or more than that time period. you will regret it as transfers always take forever, and longer trips are truly draining in those cramped quarters. Night riding is truly a last resort as the people here are extremely shady. Daytime and early evening riding have about a 10%-20% degenerate/dangerous person ration. At night it jumps up to about 60%. I have never had a major problem on their lines outside of what everyone else has said about delays, bad customer service, etc. However I have been extremely careful when taking these lines. Sidenotes:The greyhound staff hate their lives and you can\'t blame them. If your issue is an ABC easy task it will go flawlessly. If you have something complex forget about it. Dress in layers and have extra clothing with you as the stations are not very well insulated. The greyhound fast food chains suck, don\'t even waste your time. Bring your own non-perishable food. ALWAYS BE AWARE OF YOUR SURROUNDINGS. Never tell anyone why you are taking the bus or where you are going directly. Politely lie with something vague like "business" or "seeing family" and give no details.', 'stars': '5', 'usefull_likes': '5'}
{'review': "GreyhoundWe're on our way!Hey, at least they're honest. \xa0We're on our way. \xa0The trip will probably be uncomfortable; there are no longer sinks in the bathrooms and there's a good chance there won't even be a hand sanitizer; \xa0there's a good chance your seat adjusting lever will have been broken off and you either won't be able to adjust your seat or you will have to reach down into that dirty crack between the seat and the wall and push the remaining sharp piece of metal.GreyhoundYou'll get there eventually!As a Greyhound vet (don't have a car) I offer some advice: \xa0-Avoid it if at all possible. \xa0If it's a last minute trip, air travel isn't that much more expensive. \xa0Greyhound will do for short trips: \xa0SF to Santa Cruz, or Oakland to San Jose, for example. \xa0-If you must go on a long trip, it's much better with a friend, and you'll know who you're going to sit next to.-don't sit anywhere past the middle of the bus or you will likely smell that blue chemical mixture wafting from the bathroom or worse, and that's where the craziest/drunkest/gangsta people sit. \xa0This means get to the station an hour early and get in line because there are no assigned seats (though you may be able to choose a seat for an extra $5 these days).-Greyhound overbooks so if you don't get there early there's a chance you will have to stand, just like on Muni. \xa0This is not acceptable for hours-long trips.-expect delaysSo I give Greyhound one star and the traveling experience one star. \xa0There's always the chance you'll meet someone special AND you get to see where you're going.", 'stars': '1', 'usefull_likes': '4'}
{'review': 'A buddy and I paid $116 total round trip last year, on a terrifyingly adventurous, yet silent trip to visit La La land\'s infamous Staple Center. These Mother Flippers are insanely crazy I tell you! Berserk! Coo coo for Coa Coa Puffs! I\'ve never been so nervous and alert \xa0for 8 hours straight ever! My pal and I sat behind a girl name Shaqueeda, she had more extensions than At&t. I didn\'t engage in conversation, she introduced herself in a decently intimidating manner... and I accepted her phone number... unwillingly. If you are reading this Shaqueeda, please don\'t kill me. The scariest part of all was the stop at Oakland. A grimey looking passenger hopped onto the madhouse, he smelled like onion and homeless. The astonishingly scarey part comes next... So the janky stanky beyond reason man is on the phone with someone, this is what I heard..."I just got out of jail bro. Yeah dude, 6 months dude!"I arrived at L.A. safely. True Story.Lets just put it this way, Sani+ Greyhound= never again.(Dealing with Downtown L.A. was a whole different bizarre extravaganza.)', 'stars': '2', 'usefull_likes': '1'}
{'review': "My arrival to the San Francisco station went super smooth. The Greyhound staff was super sweet and helpful. My departure on the other hand I can't say was so great. The security crew was really nice, as was most of the attendants/counter people. Unfortunately, there was one bad apple, one of the counter attendants, who we started out being friendly and joking with and she gave us nothing but grief and felt the need to shout so of course a small confrontation ensued due to her unnecessary rudeness and lack of people skills. Either way, that put a damper on our departure and lowered my rating for this station. Had this woman spoke like a civilized human being or just plain wasn't there, this station would have gotten 5 stars.", 'stars': '1', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': 'Ghetto, and i do mean GHETTO! \xa0Worst experience in customer service and transportation in my entire life. I have never been so offended and disrespected in my life. \xa0I got the greyhound from san francisco to reno. \xa0I was greeted by a fat ghetto bus driver who i couldnt understand. So when i asked her to repeat what time the bus arrived in reno, she responded "yo you musta had your head phones in, 9:25 you got dat.". When we arrived in sacramento i decided to use the rest room, which honestly smelled like an old woman farted piss, and something had recdntly died and was decomposing. \xa0Going back to my seat i was greeted by two young thugs who said that i had given them no respect and nudged them as i walked through the isle (its a bus people). After i had apologised and avoided confrontation i sat back down in my seat. \xa0The fat ghetto bus driver seeing the confrontation and thinking she was back at the projects decided to "keep it real" and started yelling in my face "is there a problem.". I was in absolute shock at the level of unprofessionalism and rudeness and asked her to stop yelling at me. \xa0Her ghetto side kicked in full throttle and she kicked me off the bus. \xa0Needless to say i was not pleased and lost my temper at the whole greyhound staff and depot when they would not refund my ticket or give me another bus. \xa0How does this place stay in business? \xa0Stay away, for the love of god stay away!!!!!', 'stars': '3', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "I didn't actually get to ride on the bus, as I missed my bus twice. But this is a review of the service and station. I bought a round trip ticket to LA for about $100. Apparently it was non-refundable, but the guy switched me to a later one (although with a lot of griping and complaining) for $15 in cash an hour later, which means I didn't have much time to get back home and jump into a taxi back to the station. Not a good idea, which led me to missing it a second time. The place like it was full of homeless people and insomniacs (it was 1am when I was there). There's also no parking located here, only for drop offs and pickups, and even then it's limited to maybe 2 cars. If you're strapped for cash, and took too long to decide to fly, then this is an obvious choice, Megabus is a first come first served ticket seller, so they tend to sell out fast. My decision to go to LA so late in the game caused me headaches of having to deal with greyhound. A lesson learned as they say", 'stars': '1', 'usefull_likes': '1'}
{'review': "Greyhound is NOT as bad as people are making it out to be. In fact, I was pleasantly surprised. I was half expecting to have the worst travel experience of my life, but it ended up being relatively pleasant and a heck of a life experience. I must say, my standards were substantially lowered because I read horror stories and bad reviews on yelp before my first ever greyhound trip. However, I spent nearly 40 hours roundtrip either on a bus or at a station on layover and I can say with all honesty that I'd do it again.In regards to the sf station in particular, it is totally fine. I was completely shocked that people would call this area of San Francisco sketch. Union Square has more homeless and questionable individuals than the area around the newly renovated SF station. Seriously, this is SOMA and not the Tenderloin. I'm a college aged female and felt totally safe. I scoff at anyone who says that this station is sketch. Pros:Very cost effectivelong rides will give you time to think, catch up on reading, ectScenery (depending on your route)You'll probably get at least one good story out of itThe possibility of meeting interesting peopleCons:Could not sleep a wink (although other people seemed to have a problem with it)There is a potential for sitting next to people with babies, smelly people, ex-convicts ect. But I guess that is the risk you take whenever you go out in public.I would reccomend this especially if you are a poor college student strapped for cash and looking for some good old life experience. Just be prepared for boredom, bring some food for long journeys, proceed with some common sense caution and you'll be fine.", 'stars': '2', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "greyhound. a disgusting joke. if you value your safety and time, you'll find another way to travel.", 'stars': '4', 'usefull_likes': '1'}
{'review': "For all the disenfranchized, Greyhound is a primary mode for long-distance transportation. How else can you go 100s of miles away for less than $30? \xa0Helped a client catch a ride here and didn't have enough money on my person to pay for the client's $30 fare. Surprisingly the workers here gave my client the ticket after I promised to pay them back later. Who knew I would have a tab at Greyhound of all places? Well, I did pay them back the two bucks so tab exists no longer. I think they were kind of surprised that I actually returned with the moola.", 'stars': '1', 'usefull_likes': '1'}
{'review': "i popped my greyhound cherry a couple of weeks ago and smartly decided that why drive, when i can have a bus driver drive me to reno?i paid something like $50 round trip, which wasn't bad. \xa0our bus left the transbay terminal in sf around 1am midnight. \xa0by that time, homeless were out in force, a bunch of drunks almost picked a fight with a blind lady, and i was feeling not too good about my decision not to drive.the trip up to reno was about 4 hours. \xa02 of the hours were spent making sure the homeless lady who got on the bus in west sacramento didn't have her butt on my arm. \xa0i sat on the seat closest to the aisle, and a crackhead took the inner seat. \xa0as soon as she got on, she rested her head agains the window and little by little, i noticed she was trying to push me off her seat. \xa0she kept scooting her butt on my arm in an attempt to gross me out. \xa0instead of arguing, being that it was 3 or 4 in the morning, i just kept scooting over. \xa0 luckily, besides the crackhead butt incident, we got to our hotel (circus circus) ok.on the way back, it felt like everyone was a runaway, trying to get to their next destination...they just looked that way. \xa0the trip back was 6 hours cause he had HELLA stops. \xa0I mean it seemed like we were stopping at least once every 30 minutes.i'm never doing this again. lol", 'stars': '3', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "I agree with Hex. \xa0Sure, this isn't the the SF Symphony, but you've had to sit next to creepier cats on Muni before. \xa0Think of the crowd at the DMV and you're getting closer. \xa0If you're going to/from Reno, of course there are going to be low-rent passengers with gambling problems. \xa0 Greyhound from downtown SF isn't the perfect solution for every travel problem, but if - you're trying to get back and forth to LA on a tight budget,- you aren't uptight about public transit, and- you can be flexible with your schedule,you can save a few bucks. \xa0Consider this - the best possible r/t airfare you can get as of today is $119. \xa0Add $10 for BART to and from SFO, and an equal amount for the Metro on the LA end. \xa0That's an absolute minimum $140 (likely more )to fly \xa0vs. $100-110 that I spend on Muni/Greyhound/Metro (plus maybe a short cab ride on the LA end). \xa0 Here are a couple of suggestions that apply to that LA trip:1) Take a red-eye. \xa0This way, you're not wasting those 7-8 hours, because you'd be sleeping anyway. \xa0Also, I run into far fewer weirdos on the overnight buses for some reason. \xa0 Perhaps this is because I'm so tired that I fall asleep before I notice them, I don't know. \xa0 I highly recommend one of those horseshoe-shaped pillows to put around your neck, and maybe one or two more small ones so you can rest your head against the window and support your lower back. \xa0 \xa0Bring earplugs too. \xa02) Stick to the express routes, avoid the trips that take 101 all the way down via SLO/Santa Barbara, and the trips that stop at every town along Highway 99. \xa0 You can see the complete schedule of each trip on the web site. \xa03) Depending on where in LA you're ending up, it might be more convenient to get off in North Hollywood rather than going all the way downtown. \xa0The N. Hollywood station is about three blocks from the Red Line subway, which you can then take downtown, and the Orange Line bus which will get you further out in the Valley. \xa0 The environs of the downtown station are sketchy at any time of day, but particularly in the early daylight hours. \xa0There are buses (60, 62, 760) that go up 7th St. towards downtown (left as you walk out of the station) where you can transfer to other lines. \xa0The 760 stops at the northwest corner of 7th/Alameda only, but you can pick up the 60/62 right across 7th from the station. \xa0 \xa0There are always cabs lined up as well. 4) Get in line early if you want to guarantee yourself a window seat. \xa0 I usually try to get in line an hour before the scheduled departure. \xa0There are signs in SF for priority seating for an extra $5 but I've never tried it. \xa0No such service is offered at LA.", 'stars': '1', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': 'Um, it is what it is...a bus. \xa0I "left the driving to them" and got to Sacramento in one piece, and on time...for a fekkin\' heat wave...I\'m talkin\' Baghdad hot. \xa0The bus ride was pleasant enough...had my iPod, ample air-conditioning, and my honey. \xa0The seats were comfortable and reclined easily. \xa0The overhead lights worked too. \xa0For those expecting luxury from Greyhound...well, it ain\'t gonna happen any time soon. \xa0Until more people begin riding the bus again, don\'t expect cleaner stations, more courteous drivers or ticket-takers with a full set of teeth. \xa0It\'s the nature of the beast, yo! \xa0They just don\'t have that kinda dough...and neither do you, or your broke ass wouldn\'t be taking the freakin\' bus in the first place. \xa0Just what do you expect for 15 bucks anyway?', 'stars': '3', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "The bus left San Francisco on time, Dennis was fine as a driver, and got us to LA just fine. No complaints here. I do have a complaint with the downtown LA station, though, but that doesn't apply here.", 'stars': '3', 'usefull_likes': '0'}
{'review': "i would only recommend greyhound, if this is your only option in terms of transportation. \xa0 \xa0There is airlines, amtrak, rent a cars etc. \xa0 The greyhound station on first and mission, is clearly a resting stop for homeless people, junkies, you name it. \xa0 The smell of the bath room is horrific. \xa0Its unfourtante greyhound lacks the ability to hire security who can monitor there facilties. \xa0 \xa0Because greyhound is so cheap anyone, meaning anyone can ride the bus. \xa0 \xa0If there airlines can deny boarding to passengers smelling \xa0horrbily, why can't greyhound.? \xa0 Im just giving anyone planning to take greyhound a heads up. \xa0Good luck,", 'stars': '3', 'usefull_likes': '9'}
{'review': 'Riding the Greyhound is an adventure for sure. \xa0I would stick to day-time trips. \xa0I took it to/ from SF to Santa Cruz. \xa0 The way south to Santa Cruz was fine. \xa0The way back to SF the bus was full and the passengers were ... interesting. \xa0I was on high alert the whole return trip.+ : super cheap, bus was on time, bus seemed clean, makes sense to share a bus with people all going the same way - : bus stations smelled, several passengers on the return trip were insane and several others were intimidating, takes more time than driving', 'stars': '1', 'usefull_likes': '4'}
{'review': "During my last air trip from Oakland to Burbank, the turbulence was so bad that I experienced dizziness for two weeks afterward (something about the inner ear). \xa0So I decided to try the Greyhound and have taken three round trips LA to SF so far. \xa0Flexible...just decide what day I'm returning to L.A. and go to station. No driving...the driver does it and it was actually faster than me driving. Tiring, yes...eight hours on a bus can be tiring and I always have a good book to read. Dangerous, insane fellow passengers...did NOT encounter any. Almost left at at a rest stop...YES, got off with several others at unofficial rest stop and came out to see bus pulling away--fortunately, driver was alerted and we re-boarded bus; now I don't get off unless official stop. \xa0Lost or stolen luggage or carry-ons...NO, everything accounted for thus far. Noisy passengers..YES, on one occasion, when a group in the back of the bus had a very loud and earnest conversation about religion--ear plugs or iTunes a good idea. Courtesy at ticket counter and by bus driver...YES--on my last trip I was given opportunity to board first (I'm seventy-something) and at Oakland, the bus driver came to my seat and said the bus would be full and offered me the seat behind him, (which I declined as I liked my seat). \xa0Food at lunch stop---fast food, so I bring my own. Transportation home from North Hollywood station -- easier than from Burbank airport-usually a friend can pick me up. \xa0Also easier cab ride to SF station from my SF location than to Oakland. \xa0Affordability...at about $50 one way, it's somewhat cheaper than airfare Oakland-Burbank, but expense was not a major reason for my Greyhound choice. \xa0Overall, it's not as pleasant as the Greyhound trips I remember from many years ago, when I took it to return to college after weekends home, or at other times...but so far it's been O.K. and enables me to get to and from L.A. to S.F. with flexibility.", 'stars': '3', 'usefull_likes': '1'}
{'review': "Do not honor fares, and customer service is terrible. \xa0I usually surf the web to find cheap promo codes, but I figured I would use my road rewards coupon this time. \xa0Totally legitimate. \xa0Well, the fare I found without this discount was $24. \xa0Without was $40. Obviously, I want the lower fare. \xa0Well...it wouldn't let me purchase it. \xa0So, I called. \xa0The woman could not figure out what I was looking at, so she actually asked me for my login information, to log in to my RR account. \xa0Sketch. \xa0Secondly, she said that the discount wouldn't work and the displayed fare wasn't valid. \xa0I asked to speak to a manager and got the same response. \xa0Just because the displayed fare is wrong is not my fault, and greyhound should honor the fare. \xa0Airlines honor glitch fares all the time. \xa0Anyways, they told me I should just book the $40 fare, since buses were selling out fast. \xa0I went with Megabus for the same price.", 'stars': '1', 'usefull_likes': '5'}
{'review': 'before you start your trip on greyhound say some prayers and then be ready for anything. \xa0some of my trips have been fairly smooth and some nightmares. my worst was once when leaving san fran at that new depot off market i put my bag in line with the other bags at the exit door to the boarding area. \xa0always watch your bags like a hawk. here\'s why: \xa0a couple aholes walk in and start grabbing peoples bags. \xa0people say what the ...? \xa0"oh were just loading them on the bus so it will save time". \xa0the passengers say well okay. \xa0so when they get to my bag they grab hold and i tell them "take your funking hands off my bag". \xa0"it will go on the bus when i get on". \xa0they back off. \xa0so then it\'s time to board i get on the bus but i kept looking out the window to make sure no one snatched my bag off my bus and sure enuf here comes one of the aholes and he grabs my bag out of the storage and starts hobbling off. \xa0i jump off the bus and collar the little punk and he says "i\'m gonna put it on another bus that is going to the same destination". \xa0"like hell you are you funking t7rd" says i. \xa0i took my bag from him put it back on MY bus and told him if he took my bag again \xa0i would rip his funking head off. \xa0he didn\'t . \xa0 and then i cursed out every greyhound employee in sight including the driver as i boarded and he was wise enuf to not talk back.', 'stars': '1', 'usefull_likes': '7'}
