{'review': 'We used United Coach Tours to get a 24 passenger bus to Lotus, CA for a whitewater rafting trip. \xa0I called around 15 coach companies and United Coach had the absolute lowest price - much lower than anyone else! They also had great reviews on Yelp so I decided to give them a try. \xa0The driver, Kadeem, reached on time and was awesome the whole way. \xa0We got there on time and reached back home on time. \xa0Kadeem got us home faster than we expected by taking an awesome bus route!I highly recommend using United Coach Tours if you can :)', 'stars': '5.0'}
{'review': 'Great Prices. \xa0Professional Office Staff and Drivers. \xa0This is the 3rd year in a row we hired UCT to take our students to Anaheim for a field trip. \xa0Stephanie was on the ball in quoting and making our reservations for these trips. \xa0A far a processing payments from a school, she was very good with follow up and sending required information. \xa0Our driver Jimmy was on time, communicative and very friendly. \xa0It is a pleasure to know I can count on UCT for my school travel needs. \xa0Did I mentions the prices are very reasonable?', 'stars': '5.0'}
{'review': 'Don\'t go with United Coach Tours! We specifically requested a certain type of transportation and they didn\'t deliver. We reached out to address the situation (we understand stuff happens, an apology was really all we were looking for) they lied repeatedly and got really nasty. Our "not great but acceptable" experience quickly turned into into a terrible one.', 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': 'We used UCT to provide transportation for our wedding guests. \xa0I spoke with Larry and he was very responsive, straightforward, and very reasonably priced! \xa0All our guests got to our venue on time and the driver was kind enough to wait for the guests to finish up before taking them back to their hotel! \xa0I definitely recommend using United Coach Tour!', 'stars': '5.0'}
{'review': 'We used United Coach Tours on August 2, 2017, traveling from Palo Alto to San Francisco a couple of stops there and back to P.A. Our driver Ming was awesome! Every time I called for him to pick us up he was on schedule, smooth, great attitude ! They had great reviews on Yelp,also a shout out to Larry, he quoted the lowest price, great experience, I highly recommend using UCT.', 'stars': '5.0'}
{'review': "I've used UCT several times for various parties and events over the years. Very easy to work and communicate with, which is why I keep using them. They will work with you to the best of their ability, at competitive rates.", 'stars': '5.0'}
{'review': "We used United Coach Tours for transporting our guests (daughter's wedding) pick up a hotel to ceremony location and then to the reception. Mike was the driver. \xa0On time, very nice to work with. \xa0Since the beginning of the planning, getting quote, getting information, all the way to the end, they made the whole experience a very pleasant one. \xa0 Highly recommend.MP", 'stars': '5.0'}
{'review': "I've used UCT multiple times for trips to Sonoma/Napa and recommend them very highly. Their drivers / staff are courteous, professional, always on time and really fun to work with. I've recommended them to several friends and will continue to use them for trips around the Bay Area.", 'stars': '5.0'}
{'review': "This last weekend (July 15, 2017) I rented from United Coach Tours for transportation at my daughter's wedding. \xa0We needed to get 100+ people from Old St. Mary's Cathedral (on the edge of the Financial District) to the reception at the Presidio's Log Cabin and then back to the Hilton at the end of the evening.My wife and I had done the drive last October and we couldn't do it using the GPS; we got lost three times. \xa0With a lot of out-of-town guests, we didn't want to risk that others would get lost or arrive late if they had to drive themselves.I got quotes from several bus companies and selected United Coach Tours. \xa0They were reasonably priced and had good on-line reviews. \xa0 Most important to me was that the buses would be clean, reliable, and would have some flexibility if our plans changed. \xa0I rented one 30-passenger and two 61-passenger buses. \xa0A little more room than I really needed - but it allowed me to keep a small bus back so the wedding party could take their time with church photos. \xa0Buses showed up ahead of time and were ready to go. \xa0Drivers were courteous, buses were clean. \xa0Everything came off just as planned and the guests had a very good experience.I would recommend United Coach Tours to anyone.", 'stars': '5.0'}
{'review': "UCT was reliable, prompt, flexible, and great service overall. We hired them for a 6-day visit in Silicon Valley. When I needed to change schedule at the last minute, or needed overtime, they always obliged. I always had the driver's number in advance, and the driver was awesome, Calm, very pleasant, great & skilled driver, good navigation, made good time. I look forward to booking them next winter!", 'stars': '4.0'}
{'review': "I've repeatedly hired UCT for my tour company and have been consistently pleased. They are always responsive (even on last minute bookings), on time, professional, polite, and their buses are in good condition. When people ask me for my recommended reliable charter company that won't break the bank, I always refer them to UCT. You won't be disappointed!", 'stars': '5.0'}
{'review': 'Larry and Team, \xa0We have used your service for four years, and you continue to deliver. Thank you for a wonderful experience each and every time.', 'stars': '5.0'}
{'review': "We hired UTC to shuttle people from Santa Cruz to Felton for our wedding. We had over 200 guests so we hired 2 50 passenger shuttles for this endeavor. The buses went to and from the site numerous times throughout the day and night and all of the guests commented on how nice the buses were and how friendly the drivers were. UTC made it so I didn't have to worry about people arriving on time to our wedding or getting home without having to drive and I would definitely hire them again!", 'stars': '5.0'}
{'review': 'Thank you to United Coach Tours for providing such great service on our wedding day up in wine country! The buses were on-time and very nice. Drivers were professional and courteous. It was super easy to work with Larry in setting everything up. He went out of his way to help us change our buses the week before our wedding. UCT was also super reasonably priced, cheaper than school buses! Thank you for ensuring our guests were safe and comfortable to and from our wedding.', 'stars': '5.0'}
{'review': 'On behalf of those who attended the tour UCT is FABULOUS! \xa0The bus was on time, clean and accommodating. \xa0The driver was helpful, patient and great customer service. \xa0He was FANTASTIC! \xa0I would definitely use UCT in the future.', 'stars': '5.0'}
{'review': "Stephanies is superb is responding and helping us set the route.Can't be more helpful.Everyone in our group is happy with the Driver too.IT will be nice if they provide bottled water, cell phone chargers and wi-fi in the future. \xa0Should not ask for more.", 'stars': '5.0'}
{'review': 'Do not let the low price fool you! United Coach Tours is beyond professional, and is easily the best choice that my wife and I made when planning our wedding.Stephanie and Winne were a pleasure to work with. They responded quickly to e-mails and inquiries and even worked directly with the concierge desk at my hotel to plan my event for me. Talk about outstanding!Drivers were all on-time and the buses were clean and well-kept. The drivers were also very easy to work with and even helped us deal with last minute schedule changes without bothering me on the day of the wedding.10/10 would recommend', 'stars': '5.0'}
{'review': 'United Coach Tours transported ~120 guests for our wedding from a hotel in Oakland to our venue in Tiburon. They were right on time and everything went very smoothly. We appreciated that they let us play our own music on the way home, which made the bus ride back a lot more fun! Winne was fantastic to work with to book the shuttles -- very responsive and professional.', 'stars': '5.0'}
{'review': "We used United Coach Tours for our October 2014 wedding. \xa0We booked transportation for both our rehearsal dinner and the wedding day transportation. \xa0For the rehearsal dinner, we had a 36-passenger mini-bus going from a Union Square hotel to the Presidio, from the Presidio to the restaurant, and then after dinner from the restaurant back to Union Square. \xa0I had done a lot of research on transportation companies and United Coach Tours was the cheapest I found and provided good service! \xa0Although the driver told us that he had not driven that vehicle before (odd that he would tell us that) and his English was not great, he was happy to accommodate our requests and when we had some extra time in between the rehearsal and dinner, he made an extra stop so that we could all get a drink before dinner. \xa0He was there waiting for us after dinner and we had no problems throughout the evening/night. \xa0For the wedding, we had two 61-passenger buses to shuttle our guests from Union Square to the Presidio. \xa0One was a one-way transfer and the other bus stayed for the duration of the night to take people from the ceremony to the reception and then making loops between the reception venue and Union Square as people left. \xa0I communicated with Larry and Winne at United Coach Tours for all of the shuttles. \xa0They were prompt in getting back to us and were flexible with changes as our timelines changed various times. \xa0As with the rehearsal dinner shuttle, our coordinator received the drivers' name and contact information prior to the day of service. \xa0The shuttles showed up on time and were clean and spacious. We would definitely recommend United Coach Tours!", 'stars': '5.0'}
{'review': 'United Coach was easy to work with in chartering a 24 passenger bus for a day. \xa0The driver was on time and knowledgable of the Bay Area. \xa0He stayed engaged with us for an entire 12 hour day of driving in the East Bay, SF, and Marin.', 'stars': '5.0'}
{'review': "I've had the pleasure of interacting with United Coach Tours on 7 separate occasions in the last 12 months. They are consummate professionals every time. I host large social functions in San Francisco for Stanford graduate students, and UCT is absolutely my go to transportation solution. Why is UCT so awesome?1. Unbeatable price. I've done a bunch of research on this, and I am able to save a lot of money on each of my events by going through UCT.2. Reliability. In practice, it has been my experience that the UCT drivers are always early, which ends up simplifying the day-of logistics significantly.3. Easy of booking. Larry is a pleasure to work with. He is accommodating and responds to your emails quickly. For my last event, I added 2 buses 72 hours before the event and Larry was able to accommodate my relatively last-minute request without any issues.The combination of these factors will certainly keep me coming back to UCT for the foreseeable future \xa0:)", 'stars': '5.0'}
{'review': 'For 4 years my recovery fellowship has been contracting UCT to drive 50 of us to LA for a recovery convention. Each year we get top notch service. This year our driver was Raymond and my group joked saying "Everybody Loves Raymond". He was very easy to work with and drove us safely and efficiently. He knew the way to LA and back like the back of his hand, taking all of the thought of where to stop off for restrooms and food of us. We appreciate him and his service to our group. Without the service of UCT we wouldnt be able to all go to LA, and as people in recovery it is crucial that we stay connected with other people in recovery...it maximizes our chances of success at living healthy productive lives. What some may see as just a company of coaches for hire we see as an organization that helps to change the world for the better by providing safe, efficient vessels for people to attend life-changing events. Thank you UCT for allowing us to use your service for 4 years...and counting!', 'stars': '5.0'}
{'review': 'I needed to take our youth soccer club to Las Vegas (from San Francisco) for a tournament. \xa0Stephanie did a great job handling our logistics and William was an efficient, prompt and courteous driver who accommodated the changing needs of a soccer team playing in several locations around Las Vegas. It was a long drive back in holiday weekend traffic, but William got us home safe and sound. \xa0I will definitely use United Coach Tours again!', 'stars': '5.0'}
{'review': 'WE, a school from Hong Kong, \xa0used United for our trip in the US and I must commend them on the excellent service, wonderful courteous drivers, clean buses, timely service, accommodating when we had to go into overtime, \xa0and just all around wonderful! It took me a very long time to come up with our itinerary and I made changes so many times and yet Winne was always patient and willing to give advice. We booked them for 7 days of service of which one was a long haul from LA back to San Francisco airport. We used their big buses (as we had luggage) \xa0and we also used their smaller ones for the 31 of us. Every single time, United came through with flying colours. Thank you. All the trips are very clearly invoiced and if you do go overtime, you just sign on the day and then you will be invoiced later (there is clear indication of what this cahrge would be for budgeting purposes). This was helpful to us as sometimes you never know when programmes may end. And when we did go into overtime, the driver did not make an issue of it as some other companies do!Our school has regular trips to overseas countries and United is one of the best we have dealt with on our travels. I would certainly be using them for each of our tours to the West Coast.Thanks to Winne, Larry and the rest of the team at United Coach Tours.', 'stars': '5.0'}
{'review': "I've been working with Winne for the past few years for our high school student groups - they are fabulous at United Coach Tours. \xa0Their drivers are professional, safe and courteous. \xa0Winne always makes everything very simple and went above and beyond to help us with a lost and found item once our group had left the bay area.They are fabulous \xa0and I highly reccommend them!", 'stars': '5.0'}
{'review': 'We had a wonderful experience with United Coach Tours. They were one of the only bus companies available one week before our trip and they were significantly cheaper than any other company I looked into. Winne was easy to work with. The bus was clean. The driver Nelson was extremely nice and arrived on time. Will definitely use this company again.', 'stars': '5.0'}
{'review': 'We used United Coach Tours for a work retreat recently and had an excellent experience with them. The driver picked us up in our downtown office location and, despite construction and road blockages in the area, he was on time and found nearby parking. Our trip to Calistoga was seamless and our driver, Gordon, received a round of applause when he impressively turned the bus around at a narrow hillside crossroads. Both Gordon, and our return driver William were very friendly, professional and punctual, which we greatly appreciated. The fact that our quote for these trips was significantly less than those from other bus companies makes UCT an excellent deal and we highly recommend them!', 'stars': '5.0'}
{'review': "The sales team was really easy to work with and the drivers were punctual and a pleasure to talk with during the event. Although this was my first time working with them personally, they were hired in the past for the same event. I'd hire them again in a heartbeat!", 'stars': '5.0'}
{'review': "Larry and his team are fantastic! \xa0We've used UCT for three of our corporate events and plan to call them again this year. They're always on time, accommodating, \xa0friendly and professional. Their fleet is always clean and spacious too. Thanks Larry for always taking care of us. You'll be hearing from Aconex soon!", 'stars': '5.0'}
{'review': 'I was very worried about booking with UCT because it was so cheap. However, they definitely proved that you sometimes get more than what you pay for! We took a minibus to Napa. The driver showed up at least 10 minutes early (he was earlier than I was!). We got there in great time, and they accommodated our schedule and location changes.Great company. Great experience.', 'stars': '5.0'}
{'review': "Awesome company, great service, great price! Can't recommend them more highly!Used them to transport 60 Stanford students into SF and back. No complaints.", 'stars': '5.0'}
{'review': 'UCT provided transportation for our guests from their hotels to our wedding venue. Stephanie was very professional and helpful in planning transportation and they did a great job on the day of the wedding.', 'stars': '5.0'}
{'review': "Our past weekend's Girl Scout Golden Gate Bridging adventure started and ended with our UCT shuttle service. The oh-so-patient driver even found our group when he wanted to verify we knew our way back to the shuttle meeting point at the end of the day. The shuttle was comfortable, clean and well-maintaned. Most importantly, they have patient drivers that tolerate a shuttle of tweens ; )", 'stars': '5.0'}
{'review': 'Terrific rates. \xa0Awesome driver.. Super punctual. \xa0We use this company all the time for corporate events. \xa0I booked a bus for a group of 16 up to Santa Rosa/Sonoma for an all-day adventure. \xa0We ran a bit late coming back (pretty late at night), and the drive was great about it. \xa0Will use them in the future!', 'stars': '5.0'}
{'review': 'GREAT service. VERY punctual/reliableSUPER clean and modern busesAll around A+ company to work with! I will definitely be using United Coach Tours for any and all future bus needs!!', 'stars': '5.0'}
{'review': 'Totally satisfied. \xa0Easy to work with. \xa0Clean bus. \xa0Nice driver (Dave).I used UCT for a business group to take a Napa Valley wine tour. \xa0Dave got us from point A to B to C.....without any difficulties. \xa0My group was happy - that makes me happy! \xa0:) \xa0They are now in my address book for future use. \xa0Reasonable rates.', 'stars': '5.0'}
{'review': 'Great service, very helpful, accommodating especially with last minute changes and cost is reasonable too. Professional, nice cars and yup as good as it gets! \xa0Larry is great guy , will definitely be using them again!', 'stars': '5.0'}
{'review': "UCT is my go-to company when I need a bus.As someone who books a lot of outings for work, it's great to know have a company I can rely on to consistently deliver the best price in town. After shopping around time and time again, UCT always has the best prices. They are great to work with, and are a very honest company. I absolutely love working with them, it's smooth sailing every time.", 'stars': '5.0'}
{'review': "United Coach has done a great job transporting our guest on our wedding day from Hotel to Church and back to Hotel. Our guests were pleased with the service and UCT doesn't break the bank either compared to some other bus companies in the Bay Area!You won't be disappointed!", 'stars': '5.0'}
{'review': 'UCT was great to work with throughout the process --- booking, billing, and then the driver was on time & bus was clean (and he was flexible with time, which was a relief given that our event went longer than anticipated). Would definitely book with them again.', 'stars': '5.0'}
{'review': 'Our wedding was this past September in the Presidio. Basically, if your wedding is in the Presidio, you better build into your budget room for guest transportation because there are NO cabs in the Presidio! We knew this in advance and were more than willing to provide this for our guests, many of whom were from out of town so would have gotten lost regardless of where the venue was.About three months before the wedding I decided it was time to look into the charter bus service. It was hard to find one that actually comes highly recommend but United Coach Tours was one of them. We had a 100 guest wedding party and felt that a 25 person bus would be plenty with two trips to the venue in advance of the wedding and three home. We were so happy that our guests took advantage of the shuttle service! Everyone said it was super easy to find, use, and were so glad it was provided. It got all of our guests where they needed to be on time and safely!', 'stars': '5.0'}
{'review': "My husband and I rented the 50 person bus for transporting guests to and from our wedding this July. \xa0I was a little nervous about the situation, since we were getting married on a race weekend, and Infineon was in between the hotel and venue. \xa0In the end, everything turned out ok. \xa0We booked them rather seamlessly about a month before, and I called the day before to check in on timing. \xa0They seemed organized enough and easy to work with. On the day of, they made it to the hotel on time and got the guests to the venue ok. \xa0The only issue that we had was that the guests were waiting in the lobby and the bus couldn't fit under the awning. \xa0It was parked around the corner and many of the guests didn't realize it was there. The driver stuck around a little longer (since there were only 5 ppl on the bus), and eventually the guests in the lobby figured it out. \xa0In the end, everyone who wanted a ride got one, and thanked us for renting the bus.", 'stars': '4.0'}
{'review': "We used UCT to transport our weddings guests from the hotel to the venue and back, and a few days before to take a small group of family around San Francisco. I had contacted about half a dozen or so shuttle companies to get quotes and no one came close to the level of professionalism and reasonable prices as UCT. Working with Winne was a pleasure and her timely and professional communication gave me confidence that there would be no issues on the day of the wedding. I can't recommend UCT highly enough - especially for those looking to transport wedding guests back and forth. In working with so many vendors, the last one you want to cause headaches is the one that's going to deliver the people. Thank you Winne and team again!", 'stars': '5.0'}
{'review': 'We chartered United Coach Tours for a series of staff events, both this year and last year. We found their service to be spot -on, from the administrative side to the event itself. Our complicated needs were met with good cheer, including accommodating some mid-event changes. The drivers were polite, responsible, on time and courteous. We will definitely work with them for future events.', 'stars': '5.0'}
{'review': 'Great service and a great price!!I called United Coach on the last minute to do several company visits. They were really helpful, the bus was in perfect conditions and the driver was very kind, knew all about the city and was always punctual. Highly recommended!', 'stars': '5.0'}
{'review': "Just finished my daughter's wedding and can't say enough good things about this company. \xa0Reasonable rates. \xa0Prompt service. \xa0Clean buses. \xa0Exactly on time for every pickup. \xa0Courteous drivers. \xa0Doesn't get any better than this!", 'stars': '5.0'}
{'review': "We had Larry help us with our wedding in Marin over labor day weekend. \xa0He was great and worked with our last minute route changes. \xa0great prices \xa0so glad they were recommended to us. \xa0They were on time and reliable. \xa0We only had on little glitch..one the of the driver's English was not too good that caused a little bit of a snag with one of the guests. but would not let that discourage me from using them again.", 'stars': '4.0'}
{'review': 'UCT was very professional, on time, and great to work with. However, our driver was not that great and almost hit some cars in our neighborhood.', 'stars': '4.0'}
{'review': "Solid charter bus service. \xa0The driver showed up 15 minutes early prepared with GPS and our complete itinerary already programmed in. \xa0The entire trip, he was a very safe driver and friendly. \xa0Booking was easy also.Why four stars instead of five? \xa0Their rates seemed a little higher than competitors in the Bay Area, but we wanted to give them a try to compare quality. \xa0Definitely worth it. \xa0That said, it would be nice to have had a little more transparency into how the fees broke down as we compared.Also, not a reason to give them one fewer star, but it would've been nice if the bus had a plug-in on the radio for MP3 player / smart phone. \xa0Ours had a tape deck.", 'stars': '4.0'}
{'review': 'United Coach Tours did a great job transporting our wedding guests from the hotel to our venue 30 minutes away. \xa0They even stayed later for a nominal fee. \xa0They have a large selection of bus sizes and were very accommodating in helping us choose the correct ones to use.', 'stars': '5.0'}
{'review': 'Customer service is top notch. \xa0Organization was superb. \xa0Execution of event seamless and very professional. \xa0Highly recommend.', 'stars': '5.0'}
{'review': 'I am happy to add to the string of five star reviews for United Coach Tours. We used them for our recent San Francisco wedding. Drivers were professional, helpful and nice. Buses (we got two - a large 60-something passenger bus and a smaller 30-something bus) were in good shape and clean. Drivers were on time and in the right places. Larry was great to work with. And price cannot be beat (I shopped around). Highly recommended!', 'stars': '5.0'}
{'review': 'United Coach Tours staff and drivers were very helpful and provided excellent customer service. \xa0Booked a charted to transport 30 people for a retreat. \xa0The driver was on time and very nice. \xa0Larry and Winne were also very easy to work with and responded very quickly to any question i had. Thank you UCT!', 'stars': '5.0'}
{'review': 'Excellent company to work with. Throughout our 5-day trip around San Francisco our driver provided excellent service; very punctual and professional. Communication with the company was very good throughout the organizing stages in the months prior. We will definitely be working with them again.', 'stars': '5.0'}
{'review': 'We chartered a UCT bus to shuttle wedding guests back and forth from the venue. Making the arrangements was simple and the pricing was competitive. A clean bus and driver showed up early and everything ran quite smoothly. Recommended.', 'stars': '5.0'}
{'review': "I chose United Coach Tours \xa0UCT after checking with three others bus companies. The reason I picked up UCT are: \xa0reasonable pricing, hundred of good reviews from yelp and working with \xa0Ms Stephanie Thai was at ease and peace. I stopped worrying and left all the planning to her.We hired UCT charter bus for 12 hours, from 8 am to 8 pm. \xa0The bus already waited for us when we arrived at 7:40 am. \xa0David was the driver. His driving skills was superb. His personality was pleasant. We had 53 people in our group. We wanted to tour San Francisco Golden Gate Bridge, crookiest street, palace of fine art, Chinatown, fisherman's wharfs ....... By 3pm, most of us were exhausted with walking . Our group got together for the San Francisco outing after three days of partying in San Jose. Most of our friends came from seven different countries for the school reunion. We were above sixty years old and our our professor was 82 years old. David was amazing. He was patient , helpful and very flexible. He gave us so many good suggestions and brought us to many beautiful places. He parked closed in some places by so we didnot walk too far . We were so happy and so thankful to have a wonderful outing experience with David. Thank you David and Stephanie and UCT.I would recommend The United Coach Tours to all my friends and family members .They deserved a FIVE STARS ratings.Joanna Full in San Jose, Ca", 'stars': '5.0'}
{'review': "Every year, the independent school I work at has a 9th grade retreat that requires a bus ride. And every year, I've been disappointed with the bus companies: They were either never on time or, even worse, they sent me the wrong buses. Since I am responsible for 130 students, you can imagine the stress involved when a bus shows up without the exact number of seats I've requested. Chaos! This year, I decided to search for a new company and came across United Coach Tours on yelp. I am so glad I did! I had zero stress due to buses this year- a first! Buses were comfortable, on time, and exactly what we had agreed upon. I didn't have to shuffle students around at the last minute or revamp my agenda due to the fact that the buses were late arriving. Stephanie was a pleasure to work with- friendly, professional, clear, and incredibly helpful. Our school will definitely be working with this company in the future.", 'stars': '5.0'}
{'review': "This is my 2nd time engaging United Coach Tours for my students' 2-week trip at the Bay area because my 1st experience with them was awesome! \xa0They offer reasonable rate; friendly, safe and responsible driver; clean and comfortable bus; and most importantly they have been very accommodating to my request on the paperwork. \xa0Everything runs smoothly working with them and I will continue to engage them whenever I'm back at the Bay area. \xa0Keep up the good work guys!", 'stars': '5.0'}
{'review': ":D We recently used United Coach Tours to shuttle our 50 wedding guests from venue to venue. After nearly giving up after receiving ridiculously high quotes, I called UCT on a whim. I was shocked to hear that their prices were 40% less than the other bus companies. There must be a catch, right? Nope, no catch. And when I called several weeks later to add an additional half hour, they were able to accommodate at no extra cost. They had amazing service even before the actual charter day. \xa0Tony, the driver, turned out to be just as professional, reliable, and considerate as the other staff members. \xa0He showed up to the hotel EARLY to pick up our guests! After the ceremony, we had planned that our guests would walk several blocks to the cocktail hour. However, as fate would have it, the massive downpour of rain prevented anyone from even leaving the church. We called Tony (who wasn't supposed to pick up the guests for another 1 1/2 hr) and he was incredibly helpful. He arrived within 5 minutes to get everyone to the wine bar dry. \xa0Thanks United Coach for making our wedding day run smoothly, even in the rain!", 'stars': '5.0'}
{'review': 'Our group of 70+ people chartered two buses from United Coach Tours for a four-day trip. \xa0Their buses were in excellent condition and their drivers were professional, courteous, and (most importantly) extremely reliable. \xa0They showed up on time for every one of our events, and they knew their routes perfectly. \xa0We would recommend the company to anyone who is considering taking a sizable group on an extended tour.', 'stars': '5.0'}
{'review': "We used United Coach Tours for our daughter's wedding. \xa0I would definitely use them again! \xa0They were prompt to pick up, courteous, and the buses looked very good and were clean. \xa0The administration was also easy to deal with.There was one little glitch, as the driver of the lead bus had problems finding the entrance to the freeway, which made the guests late for the wedding, so be sure to spell out directions. \xa0 Other than that, I can wholeheartedly recommend them and the price was very reasonable compared to similar companies.", 'stars': '4.0'}
{'review': "I hired these guys for a work function mainly because they were, by far, the cheapest out of the few local charter bus companies I called/emailed. I'm talking a difference of more than $500 (!!!) between these guys and some local competitors in order to charter a 50-person bus for a full day (12 hours). To my delight, not only were they a great value, the bus was nice, clean, and comfortable and the driver, Tony, was prompt, courteous, and overall very friendly. I would gladly use this bus company again for future events, and I would highly recommend it to others.", 'stars': '5.0'}
{'review': "HOW I SELECTED UTC:I used UCT to transport my family and friends from SF to our wedding location this August, and I am glad I did. \xa0I spoke with 3 other bus chartering services, and UCT was the least expensive. \xa0One of the other salesy services triied to scare me a little, saying that the lowest cost options typically use drivers that do not speak English and do not know where they are going. \xa0I also had read reviews of other services that described the drivers as rude, which would have flown like a lead balloon with my assertive family. \xa0Also, one wanted me to dicker with him, which I hate to do. \xa0I even told him that I despise bartering, and he persisted and would not tell me his price.In the end, I just went with UTC because they were the cheapest and easiest to work with. \xa0Larry was super responsive and right to the point, which was much appreciated while I was juggling a million wedding-related balls at once. \xa0I mentioned the concerns about language, directional sense, and civility; and I was assured that the driver would be up to par.OUTCOME:CONS: The driver did not communicate with the passengers about the delays. \xa0The wedding was behind schedule, and the coordinator was instructing him to take his time. \xa0They were very confused until someone finally asked him what was going on--people were wondering why the bus was stopping at the Golden Gate Bridge when they were already late! \xa0However, there was no harm done aside from some confusion, so I don't consider this is a big deal.PROS: I'm really happy with all of it. They were cheaper by far than the competition, Larry made it easy, and the driver was a BIG hit with everyone. \xa0He was, they said, a character.. \xa0He did not know the way, but he had a GPS that got him there just fine. \xa0He was entertaining, did what the coordinator told him to do, and he stayed way later to make sure everyone got back on the bus. \xa0I did not intend to tip the guy, but he was so friendly and everyone spoke so highly of him, and he unreservedly stayed late, so I was happy to give him what cash I had. \xa0My father also tipped the driver, so I think he was cared for.With some encouragement to the driver to communicate to the passengers about whats going on, I wholeheartedly recommend this service!", 'stars': '4.0'}
{'review': "United Coach Tours was great with handling a professional team. \xa0The team made a lot of changes and added trips unexpectedly. \xa0Luckily, UCT was reliable and flexible with their schedule. \xa0My only complaint is that it was difficult to understand the driver's speech as they were from a different country. Therefore, I communicated more with dispatch than with the actual driver.", 'stars': '4.0'}
{'review': "Larry was a pleasure to do business with. UCT's prices are very reasonable, and the vehicles are clean and well-maintained.The drivers were on-time, and very courteous. We used them on our wedding day to bring both the wedding party and guests between the hotel and venue. It really was worth paying for UCT because our wedding was hard to get to, and our guests got to have an extra few drinks!Don't forget to tip well!", 'stars': '5.0'}
{'review': "Chartered United Coach Tours for three occasions within two days and my company is very pleased with their service --- Clean bus with courteous driver who arrived on time and best of all United Coach Tours beats all competitor's price.", 'stars': '5.0'}
{'review': "Mission: deliver 60 teenage girls to a church camp 120 miles away, spending as little as possible, without them having to travel in a broken down camper.Mission accomplished AND MORE! \xa0UCT was so much more than I'd expected. \xa0The bus was clean, had a DVD player, functioning bathrooms, and with an awesome driver. \xa0And they were so much cheaper than some other companies I'd contacted. \xa0They were communicative, arrived on time, and will definitely use them again next year. \xa0We even managed to avoid the cleaning fee by cleaning up after ourselves.", 'stars': '5.0'}
{'review': 'We chartered UCT for our Gradnight. \xa0The drivers were on schedule, very polite, and great drivers! \xa0The buses were clean and well-kept. \xa0I would definitely recommend them to our parents for future events!', 'stars': '5.0'}
{'review': 'I hired United Coach Tours for my wedding in September based on Yelp reviews and they provided just the service I was looking for. \xa0A charter bus for 50 people, picking up at two stops in San Francisco, travel to Palo Alto, and a return with two drop offs. \xa0Arranging everything with Winne in advance was straightforward and easy. \xa0A friend served as "bus captain" during the event -- and I didn\'t hear a thing about the bus -- meaning that it all went smoothly as it was supposed to. \xa0Just what I wanted. \xa0A no hassles bus company that gets my guests to where they need to be without any complaints. \xa0And, at the best price I found too. If I ever need a charter bus again, United Coach Tours is who I am calling first!', 'stars': '5.0'}
{'review': 'United Coach Tours offered a great experience for our wine tasting group (19 people) to visit Sonoma and not break the bank. We chose our own winery locations and agenda, which was no problem at all. The quote included all fees (no hidden costs!) and was still the best price around. The company was very helpful in planning making sure that we had scheduled enough time to get to our locations and double checking with us to make sure we had reservations at the wineries. Our driver Raymond showed up right on time and was very patient with us throughout the day and on the way home as we were quite loud after all that wine!The bus was also very comfortable and clean. I would recommend this company to any group!', 'stars': '5.0'}
{'review': "United Coach Tours was awesome! The DAY BEFORE our event I realized that I had signed a contract for the wrong date. I called my contact, Stephanie, immediately, so worried of what I might hear. She got back to me in less than 15 minutes letting me know it wasn't a problem and they had a driver and bus for us nonetheless. Superior customer service, and our bus driver was right on time and super friendly. Will definitely use again.", 'stars': '5.0'}
{'review': "I had been just about to reserve with another shuttle operator for our company's summer picnic when I found UCT's glowing reviews on Yelp!I was cutting it a bit close to my event date but thankfully they were available, and as expected from all their previous happy customers, everything went flawlessly.They will always be my first choice going forward. Thanks very much!", 'stars': '5.0'}
{'review': "United Coach Tours was a pleasure to work with. \xa0The customer service was excellent, up front and the price couldn't be beat. \xa0I contacted many other bus companies to transport the employees from my firm to a special party and found a lot of dishonesty and actually suspicious actions. \xa0United Coach Tours was truly a comfort after those bad experiences. \xa0I would use them again and recommend them to anyone.", 'stars': '5.0'}
{'review': 'We hired United Coach Tours for transportation to our rehearsal dinner at the Presidio Yacht Club at Travis Marina. The bus was prompt, clean, the bathroom was clean, and the price was reasonable for the size of the bus and length of time. I would definitely use them again.', 'stars': '5.0'}
{'review': 'I used United Coach Tours for transportation to and from my wedding. \xa0First, the booking was easy and they were so accommodating. \xa0Second, the price was right, one of the best out there. \xa0Third, the day of the wedding, they were a stress free vendor. \xa0They were on time and very professional. \xa0I highly recommend UTC to anyone!', 'stars': '5.0'}
{'review': 'The SF Senior Center chartered a UCT tour bus in June and the experience was terrific. \xa0 Over thirty Seniors were comfortably transported to Golden Gate Park from the Tenderloin district and Gary, the driver, was helpful, courteous and kind. It was a memorable trip and we would not hesitate to call on Larry and UCT again.', 'stars': '5.0'}
{'review': 'United Coach Tours chartered the bus for our wedding a couple weeks ago. \xa0We had it pick up 60+people in Union Square, and drop them all of in San Pablo, during rush hour on a Friday, then return a few hours later. \xa0Larry called us the day before to go over some details, gave us the name of the driver and his cell number. They were great. The most affordable we found, and all of our guests raved about how much fun it made their evening.I would definitely recommend them for your chartering needs.', 'stars': '5.0'}
{'review': 'This is the BEST CHARTER COMPANY IN THE BAY AREA.Their pricing beats the competition and their Coaches are ver nice and luxurious.I live in the East Bay, but had a party at The View Lounge. \xa0I rented a coach to transport passengers from one location in the East Bay over to the venue.I spoke with Stephanie to book my reservations. \xa0 She is soooo Sweet and Helpful. \xa0This was the very first time planning an event this large and she offered her assistance throughout the entire process. \xa0 Even willing \xa0to help with party favors.She is AWESOME... \xa0 The passengers loved their driver (Tim or Tom). \xa0He was 30mins early for pick-up each time of the passengers. \xa0(to and from the venue) \xa0 Again their Charters are very ncie and clean with a luxury ride.I plan to have another event just to rent one of their Charters to transport my guests and I to a fun day around the Wine Countries {Napa, Lodi and Livermore}{Thank You So Much Stephanie and United Charter}', 'stars': '5.0'}
{'review': "Winne, the planner; David, the driver, \xa0and UCT provided spectacular service. \xa0The bus was in wonderful shape and so very comfortable. \xa0David couldn't have been nicer and so accommodating. Not to mention a very skilled, calm, cool and collected driver. \xa0 Everything went off like clock work. \xa0It was a huge success. \xa0 THANKS", 'stars': '5.0'}
{'review': "I've used United Charter two years in a row for a company event and they are by far the best bus charter company I've worked with. \xa0I shopped around and have used other bus companies, but United Charter has proved to be not only the cheapest, but the most professional, courteous, and friendliest as well. \xa0The bus driver's they hire have always been so nice and they always arrive early and call as soon as they do. \xa0This year we got David and Tony and they greeted each guest with a big smile! \xa0We always go to a very hilly area in San Francisco but the drivers always know the best way to go to avoid getting the big bus stuck. \xa0I will never use any other bus company for my needs as I'm sure I've found the best in the Bay Area.", 'stars': '5.0'}
{'review': 'I selected United Coach Tours to take our company on our field trip to Monterey because the price was great and the yelp reviews were fantastic.We were so pleased with the service. Our driver was David and I was given his direct cell number to call him when ever I needed to. He was 15 minutes early to our pick up location and we departed right on time. His driving was not to slow ( unlike many of the Bus Tour drivers out there), we arrived on time as planned and he was always outside waiting for us. We didnt even have to wait a minute- we just hopped on.We were able to turn on the radio and he willing changed the channel for us.We will definately use this company again for our company outings!Thank you United Coach Tours for making our day easy :)', 'stars': '5.0'}
{'review': 'Had a great experience with UCT on a wine tour in the south bay - special props to David our awesome driver! \xa0He got us to our all locations not just swiftly - but more importantly safely! Thank you!', 'stars': '5.0'}
{'review': 'We used United Coach Tours during our wedding weekend to take our families up to Muir Woods and back from San Francisco. It worked out perfectly and our driver John was great and handled the crazy turns heading into Muir Woods like a pro. Larry was excellent to work with in organizing our trip and was very helpful in helping determine the right bus for us to get. I highly recommend using United Coach for any Bay Area group trips.', 'stars': '5.0'}
{'review': 'This is my thrid time using United Coach tours for a corporate event. \xa0This time we charted a bus from Foster City to Napa for a wine tasting event. \xa0They are always on time, drivers are helpful and friendly, prompt response to all email inquiries and prices are reasonable. \xa0Winnie is easy to work with. \xa0Great customer services. \xa0I highly recommend them.', 'stars': '5.0'}
{'review': 'We used United Coach Tours for a staff event at my office and they were absolutely phenomenal! Winne was so easy to work with and responded quickly to all of my e-mails. Our driver Tony was awesome! I will for sure work with United Coach Tours again and will definitely request Tony as our driver!', 'stars': '5.0'}
{'review': "Our driver was Tim and it was absolutely perfect. We had him pick up a group of 50 from Shoreline Amphitheater and drop us off to Berkeley after a concert. He came on time, was patiently waiting for the rest of our party. Tried his best to help us find an ipod jack. even though it didn't work he was really nice about having the radio on and turning it up when there was music and down when there was commercials. Overall, exactly what one needs when there's a big group after an epic night. :D", 'stars': '5.0'}
{'review': "I was looking to shuttle nearly 50 guests from San Francisco up to my wedding in Healdsburg and back again, and this place quoted a price far, far lower than anyplace else I'd contacted, which instantly made me a little suspicious.My suspicion was unfounded, and everything went off without a hitch. They were great with communication, were punctual, professional, and got my guests to and from the wedding safely and promptly. The buses were clean (pretty basic buses - if you're looking for the dance-floor-and-stripper-pole party bus, this company's not for you). And after some of my drunken guests got stupid and left purses and wallets onboard the shuttles at the end of the night, United Coach went above and beyond in order to return everything to the passengers the next day. Great company to work with; would definitely hire again.", 'stars': '5.0'}
{'review': 'My band has used their services for 2 events now, and we just booked our third charter. They were affordable, prompt, and very helpful each time! We will continue booking charters through them cause their service is fantastic.', 'stars': '5.0'}
{'review': "We chartered a bus to take our large extended family to my son's graduation from UCSC as well as a celebration luncheon in Santa Cruz ahead of time. \xa0The entire experience was wonderful. \xa0Winnie was prompt and professional in getting us a quote and answering all our questions. \xa0Our driver showed up on time and with a smile. \xa0He was friendly and courteous and allowed us to relax and enjoy the event. \xa0Due to the graduation that day, the traffic and congestion in Santa Cruz was significant, but we made it everywhere without any problems. I would use them again and recommend United Coach Tours highly!", 'stars': '5.0'}
{'review': "Excellent service! \xa0I used UCT to transport a school group with a mini-bus as there were 20 passengers. \xa0Everyone fit comfortably along with all of our luggage in the back. \xa0The bus was clean and comfortable for our 4 hour ride. \xa0Our bus driver (Eric) arrived on time to pick us up from school and got us to our destination safely! \xa0We did hit an area requiring snow chains and the bus driver took care of it all with great ease and got us to our destination on time (despite the weather conditions)! \xa0Excellent service with excellent prices; I can't thank you enough!!! \xa0I would definitely use them again and know that you can trust UCT to take care of your passengers as they took superb care of my students. \xa0Also, he stopped for lunch at a nice location half-way which was great so the students could get off the bus and stretch/grab a bite to eat... \xa0He got us there on time and drove safely the entire way which was impressive!", 'stars': '5.0'}
{'review': "We chartered a bus through United about a month back for a day trip with about 40 friends/family. I worked with Larry to get a quote and finalize the trip. While their quote was reasonable, it wasn't the lowest. However, they were able to match the lowest quote that we had received. The entire experience of booking (this was my first experience with booking a bus) was very painless and they seemed very professional. On the day of the trip, the bus actually arrived few mins ahead of time and the entire trip was a blast. Our driver, Wing, was nice and courteous.I would highly recommend United Coach for anyone who needs to charter a bus for any reason.", 'stars': '5.0'}
{'review': 'I hired a 24 seater to take a neighborhood group to the Orpheum Theater. \xa0The driver found my home (difficult), was early, patient, and professional. \xa0The bus was fabu! \xa0I cannot recommend this service enough!', 'stars': '5.0'}
{'review': 'UCT was responsive and professional booking a charter bus to shuttle our wedding guests from the Log Cabin in the Presidio down to the hotels on lombard street. \xa0The pricing was very reasonable and the staff was communicative and helpful throughout the process. \xa0Our driver arrived on time despite the rain and shuttled us and our guests just as planned. \xa0The bus was clean and new and the driver was very friendly.', 'stars': '5.0'}
{'review': 'On time. \xa0Clean van. \xa0Took us where we wanted to go without any problems. \xa0Very good experience. \xa0Once again, the Yelp Nation got it right.', 'stars': '5.0'}
{'review': 'Great customer service - thanks Winne! \xa0Bus arrived on time, no issues at all.', 'stars': '5.0'}
{'review': 'After getting many quotes around the $1000 range, United Coach Tours gave my organization a rate of under $700 for our day trip to Santa Rosa. \xa0Gary, our bus driver, was very nice, prompt, and drove 40 girls there and back safely. \xa0I will definitely go to them for future bus needs!', 'stars': '5.0'}
{'review': 'We hired United Coach Tours for 22 high school prom goers. \xa0They arrived on time and were very polite. \xa0They dropped the kids off at the prom and picked them up promptly at the requested time. \xa0Price was very reasonable, van was nothing fancy but very suitable. \xa0I would definitely use them again.', 'stars': '5.0'}
{'review': 'The busses were perfect, the drivers were extremely nice and worked well with our needs. Thank you so much!', 'stars': '4.0'}
{'review': "United Coach Tours did a wonderful jog of transporting us to and from our teambuilding event. Just as last year, our Driver was early, courteous and helpful. The bus was modern, clean and comfortable. We couldn't ask for a more positive experience. We will use them again next year. Thank you UCT!", 'stars': '5.0'}
{'review': 'Price was reasonable and the bus was clean. However, the bus driver took 45 min instead of 15 min from hotel to ceremony site. He could have avoided this by using a GPS or printing out directions. The wedding ceremony was delayed 15 minutes because of this reason alone. Unacceptable.', 'stars': '5.0'}
{'review': "This is the second year we've used United Coach Tours. Our drivers Ma and William were great with our two busloads of 8th graders to Great America. The price is great, the service is great, and we'll be using United again next year!!!!", 'stars': '5.0'}
{'review': 'United Coach Tours are extremely flexible and reliable. My company has used them throughout the summer to take students to events and various activities around the bay area and we will continue to use them into the fall--they give you the best price and have great customer service. Highly recommended by us in Oakland...', 'stars': '4.0'}
{'review': "Best price out of numerous companies we vetted, professional, incredibly responsive to email, and willing to adapt to a very specific pick up schedule for an event at multiple locations. Wouldn't have changed a thing and will recommend them to all friends needing this type of service.", 'stars': '5.0'}
{'review': 'I highly recommend this company. Customer service is great, buses are clean and in great shape. Larry was really helpful since the beginning of the process. Buses showed up 15min. early and drivers were great. We got to our destination 1/2 hour early! I will definitely use this company again!', 'stars': '5.0'}
{'review': 'United Coach Tours is great. Their pricing is really good, the buses in good shape, their service is amazing (mostly due to Larry who is really helpful) and they worked around our complicated schedule of pickups and drop offs for our charity event. I work for a large non-profit and we will definitely use them again for our events!', 'stars': '5.0'}
{'review': 'I hired UCT to transport 150 guests from a downtown SF hotel to a wedding venue in the Marin Headlands. \xa0The arrangements were a bit complicated, as we had several buses leaving at different times from the hotel with different guest groups, and, until the day before the wedding, the main road to the venue was closed and detoured. \xa0On wedding day, each of the busses arrived in plenty of time at the exact right spot \xa0and were waiting out front at the end of the evening to ferry everyone safely back to SF. \xa0The bus drivers were very pleasant and accommodating. \xa0Everything was perfect from start to finish. \xa0Completely happy! \xa0Thanks UCT!', 'stars': '5.0'}
{'review': 'I used UCT to transport wedding guest from the wedding hotel in Pleasanton to our wedding venue in Livermore. \xa0The path of the bus was very complicated with small streets, gates, passcodes, etc. \xa0However, the bus made it early to the venue. \xa0My friend who organized the bus for me said the driver knew the exact directions and that he had checked it all out a day or two before. Communicating by email with the staff was excellent with quick response times. \xa0I had a wonderful experience overall.', 'stars': '5.0'}
{'review': "We hired UCT to transport our boy scouts troop to Camp Whitsett, up in Sequoia National Forest, near Kernville. \xa0The entire process from the beginning was really easy. \xa0Stephanie and Winnie were very responsive. \xa0Our driver, Gary, arrived at the pick up point at least 30 minutes early so that we left on time for our journey. \xa0For the return pick up, he arrived early again so that we didn't have to wait for his arrival. \xa0Gary was very accommodating to our needs. \xa0Our entire troop really enjoyed it. \xa0I would highly recommend UCT to anyone.", 'stars': '5.0'}
{'review': 'Buses arrived early, clean, and in good condition for our wedding transportation. Drivers were courteous and helpful. They loaded the small bus first and the large bus second, with the later only having a handful of people on it...I would have preferred the large bus loaded first but that was a minor gripe. I would definitively recommend UCT.', 'stars': '4.0'}
{'review': 'We have used United Coach Tours for the last 2 years to transport our youth to a summer camp in Forbestown. \xa0They are really easy to work with and Winnie responds quickly to all my emails. \xa0Great price and great drivers as well. \xa0We will definitely continue to use them in the future. \xa0Thanks!', 'stars': '5.0'}
{'review': 'When looking into booking transportation (shuttle bus & limousine), I relied heavily on Yelp reviews. \xa0Having to deal with trucking companies in my work, I feel like this is where a 5-star review really counts in terms of being on time, professional, and courteous service. \xa0After reading many dismal Yelp reviews and contacting a handful of options, I found United Coach Tours and their 5-star Yelp rating. \xa0Larry was SO supremely helpful in booking shuttle buses for my wedding this past May 2014! \xa0He was absolutely gracious and polite when dealing with my many changes to the reservation and my hemming and hawing as I was not using any coordinators so was quite torn when making the final decision on number of buses, number of trips, and timing. \xa0On the day-of, Larry gave me contact information for both shuttle bus drivers and everything went smoothly and seamlessly (with all the changes, I was a bit worried, but I didn\'t have to be at all)! \xa0The shuttle bus drivers were so great and conscientious that they even waited extra time to make sure that everyone was on the bus. \xa0They wouldn\'t leave until they got the go-ahead from me (if I was there) or someone else "official" (i.e. my photographer or Maid of Honor). \xa0I highly recommend United Coach Tours the next time you need to book transportation!!', 'stars': '5.0'}
{'review': 'We used this service for a corporate event. The chairman of the board (of the company) said the drive was very nice, drove safely and was on time. He said the bus was clean and they enjoyed the stress-free drive to their location. What more could you ask for? Great job! The office staff was very prompt, nice, and called to confirm everything the day ahead of the event. I will use them again!', 'stars': '5.0'}
{'review': 'On time and courteous. Rented buses to transport graduating seniors to grad night. Buses were spotless and I was especially impressed with the drivers showing concern for safely loading and unloading students in a hazardous last minute situation. Thumbs up for this transport company! Great rates, too.', 'stars': '5.0'}
{'review': 'We used the company for our wedding guests transportation from san francisco to san jose and back. The bus showed up early, had a safe ride and did great timing in driving. \xa0Raymound was our driver and he was very nice. \xa0Unfortunantly the dvd player was not working so we could not watch our movie. \xa0Which is why they get the 3 star.', 'stars': '3.0'}
{'review': 'We used UCT for a day long tour around the entire Bay Area with a very detailed and specific \xa0itinerary that we sent in ahead of time. \xa0Winnie was great making the reservations, it could not have been any easier, even when we had to upgrade to the 60 passenger bus. Their cost was lowest and the bus looked great inside and out. \xa0 Our driver was Gary and he showed up on time and followed our specific driving plan perfectly. \xa0 It was a long day and transportation was great. \xa0The only isue was had was that there was a rain storm that day and there was a minor leak around the roof. \xa0We had a couple empty seats available, so it was only a minor inconvenience. \xa0I would absolutely use them \xa0again.', 'stars': '5.0'}
{'review': "I arranged a day of wine tasting in Somoma for a group of 20+. \xa0I was pulling my hair out trying to find a fairly priced shuttle/coach service for the day. Before stumbling on United Coach Tours (thank you Yelp), I had spoken to over a dozen companies and repeatedly ran into incredibly high rates, bait and switch tactics, and hidden fees. \xa0UCT provided great service at a very reasonable rate. \xa0I couldn't have been more pleased with the experience from start to finish. \xa0Winne and Larry were highly responsive and accommodating during the planning process and our driver David was extremely gracious. \xa0The group had an awesome time and I didn't have to break the bank.", 'stars': '5.0'}
{'review': 'United Coach Tours is a very professional company that provided us with \xa0great service. We booked one of their buses for a trip to Sacramento with our 4th grade class and it all went very well. The price they quoted us was almost half the price other competitors quoted for the same trip. The bus was new, comfortable and even had a dvd player and bathroom... \xa0The driver, Tony, was nice, patient and very professional. Overall, a great experience that I am sure every 4th grade class in our school will enjoy every year to come!', 'stars': '5.0'}
{'review': "My first time chartering a coach. This was for my son's wedding and I was a little apprehensive. Got some really high quotes from other companies until I found United Coach Tours. They had a great price and were very professional. We had the coach for the whole day. They sent me the drivers name and phone number a couple of days before the event and he called me on the morning of the wedding to say he was on his way.The driver Gary turned up on time and the coach was new and clean. We had a 2hr drive to the south bay and back everything went as promised. Excellent company to work and I would use them no problem.", 'stars': '5.0'}
{'review': "I worked with Larry over the phone to arrange a charter for my husband's birthday wine tasting tour. \xa0We had a group of 16 and rented a minibus that seats around 24. \xa0The price was by far the cheapest of all of the quotes I received. \xa0The minibus was clean and comfortable. \xa0Nothing fancy (no flat screen or leather seats) but honestly, I don't want to pay for those things. \xa0The main thing I want in a charter bus is clean, air conditioned and SAFE. \xa0The driver was David and he was VERY polite and friendly. \xa0He was also fairly quiet which I like... meaning he let us focus on talking to each other while he focused on driving. The only awkward thing that happened was at the end when there was a little confusion over the tip. \xa0I had prepaid the tip on the credit card, but apparently that hadn't been communicated to our driver. \xa0David was kind about it though and I gave him my phone number and told him to call me if for some reason they don't give him the tip. \xa0I plan on calling Larry on Tuesday to make sure that is resolved... but I'd like to think that was just an administrative error. \xa0Those things happen. \xa0Like I said, David was relaxed about it.Overall, these guys were great.ON TIMEFRIENDLY, PROFESSIONALSAFE DRIVER.CLEAN VEHICLE.Ask for David as your driver!", 'stars': '5.0'}
{'review': 'We used United Coach Tours for a work event in June and in December. \xa0They did a great job. \xa0The driver for the recent event (Gary) was punctual, great with navigating narrow city streets to our venue and he got us there on time. \xa0I changed the pick-up time at the end of the evening and Gary was great with accomodating that request. \xa0I would recommend UCT. \xa0Their rates are competitive and affordable and their services are great.', 'stars': '5.0'}
{'review': 'Great company!!! \xa0I chartered a 61 passenger bus for a casino bus trip. \xa0The driver arrived almost half an hour before his scheduled time which gave my guests ample time to get settled on the bus before departing. \xa0The bus was clean and included a good sound system. \xa0We were able to play music and movies throughout the entire ride. \xa0The ride to and from the casino was about 2 hours and the ride was very smooth. \xa0The driver did a great job getting us to our destination early and getting us back with no problems. \xa0Although the driver was great, he spoke limited to no English. \xa0This made it hard to communicate with him. I must say though that we had no problems with him getting us where we needed to be. \xa0United Coach Tours was a great choice and I look forward to working with them in the future.', 'stars': '5.0'}
{'review': "It made sense for us to charter a shuttle as our wedding was held in Berkeley with most of our guests located in Palo Alto. I contacted a few companies, but none came close to the affordable options that UCT Charter quoted us. Their prices were also all-inclusive (except for gratuity which is to your own discretion) so there is no need to worry about extra hidden fees. All communication was done solely by email and Stephanie was very quick in responding. We booked a 51-passenger shuttle which arrived on time for both pickups at the start and the end of the wedding. We were also notified of our driver's name and contact information two days prior, which made it easy for our designated person to stay in touch with the driver on wedding day. While we did not see the interior of the shuttle ourselves, we didn't receive any complaints from our guests and some commented on how clean and comfortable the shuttle was.", 'stars': '5.0'}
{'review': 'WOW! \xa0You guys are amazing. \xa0We had a bus pick us up in Aptos and take us to the horse races in Berkeley for my 50th birthday. \xa0Raymond, the driver, was awesome. \xa0The bus was very clean and everything went according to plan. \xa0You guys undercut everyones prices and made my day!', 'stars': '5.0'}
{'review': 'I work for an awesome company that treats it\'s employees to a Niner game once a year. Tailgate and everything. Last year we used a DIFFERENT coach company, who told us that he was giving us a great deal because we were "neighbors". When I called that coach company this year, I gave them the information on what I needed and NEVER recieved a phone call back. I was referred to United Coach Tours from our Chamber. \xa0Okay....first, any questions I had Larry answered in no time. Secondly, the rate was more than $200 less than our "neighbor rate" from last year. And then our coach arrived...let me tell you....our driver Tony was beyond awesome!!! First he showed up 1/2 hour early, and came in to the office, introduced himself with a big smile, which in turn made me want to smile right back! He was easy to accomodate anything we needed and just extremely pleasant. (He truly is the reason for the 5th star!) The bus was clean, the service was great. \xa0Not one issue. Use them!', 'stars': '5.0'}
{'review': 'quick to respond, gave me the cheapest quote out of like 20 companies I contacted, showed up on time, everything i needed', 'stars': '5.0'}
{'review': 'We chartered a 24 passenger mini-bus for our wedding to transport guests from the hotel to our wedding site and back in Oakland on 3/20/10. United Coach had the best rates and excellent customer service. A day before the event they provided me with the cell phone number of the shuttle driver. Day of the event, the driver arrived early and was excellent in every way. The driver made multiple trips for us each way and was on time for every trip. It was great having a company I could depend on so I could focus on enjoying my wedding. Great job!', 'stars': '5.0'}
{'review': 'I recently used United Coach Tours to bring my group from the Peninsula to SF for dinner and to see Beach Blanket Babylon. They were easy to work with and the price was very reasonable. The driver was on time and the bus was clean and nice. After the show was over and the rain had started to come down I was very pleased as I walked out the door to see our bus right in front of Club Fugazi ready to go! I recommend United Coach Tours with no reservations.', 'stars': '5.0'}
{'review': "Our non-profit organization recently found ourselves in the last-minute position of needing to take a minibus full of kids up to camp for the weekend, instead of our usual of using individual drivers. \xa0With four days' notice, out of 12 local businesses, United Coach Tours blew us away: first, they're on top of it, and they responded with follow-up calls and emails just checking in. \xa0Quite a few of the other companies never even got that far. \xa0They offered the lowest price out of then the 10 quotes we got, with some of the other quotes double the price! Also, Larry at the company was very easy to work with, and flexible when we needed an extra day (even though we were so last-minute already!). \xa0Finally, on the day of departure, even though we had only ordered and paid for a minibus to transport around 20 people, they showed up with a FREE upgrade of a full-sized charter \xa0bus! \xa0Our kids felt like a million bucks, with the whole bus to themselves. \xa0We'll definitely be using United Coach Tours in the future!", 'stars': '5.0'}
{'review': 'I used United to take my company to/ from SFO for a company trip. They were THE most reasonable of the companies I received quotes from and they were incredibly responsive. I think that every single time I called, someone answered the phones. And if I emailed, they were quick to respond. I would DEFINITELY use them again...', 'stars': '4.0'}
{'review': 'I cannot tell you how happy we are with this company. \xa0I got quotes from 10 bus companies and their rates were the best. \xa0We booked them about two months ago to take 236 kids to Disneyland for their GradNite trip. We were having issues with the times we were going to leave and kept changing them. They worked with us on all of these changes. \xa0We asked them to be there are 9:00a.m., they were there at 8:30a.m. \xa0We were able to load everything, plus 236 kids and be on the road by 9:30a.m. \xa0We got there safely and soundly. \xa0They were back at the buses, ready to go at 2:45a.m. \xa0There were over 100 buses on this parking lot. \xa0We had a couple of kids who could not find th buses and we ended up leaving at 3:45a.m.. \xa0We got back to Fremont soundly and safely at 9:50a.m. with one stop. \xa0Unbelieveable. \xa0 I was asked a couple of times at Disneyland who are bus company was and I told them they would be crazy if they did not use this company. \xa0My son graduates this year so I will not be doing this trip next year, but I have been assured that this company will be used again.', 'stars': '5.0'}
