{'review': "Megabus is a no frills transportation service getting you from point A to point B on the cheap. While I say no frills, they do offer power outlets at every seat and I've been told there is wifi on the bus. There typically isn't a station to wait for your bus. It saves them costs which help keep prices down. It does mean waiting outside with limited cover for your bus. However, I've take them on numerous occasions now and they have yet to be late for a pick up. You don't need to wait in line if you don't care about your seat, but if you want to avoid sitting next to the toilet I recommend getting there at least 15 minutes in advance.Seats are average size. I wouldn't call them uncomfortable (nor comfortable). If you book far enough in advance you can get a real steal on rates. \xa0Minus a star for charging a processing fee you cannot avoid.", 'stars': '4.0'}
{'review': "I have taken this bus TWICE from a 'parking lot' in Albany NY to NYC and have hadno problems \xa0whatsoever. This time was no different except that the Senior I choseto sit next to (we were the only SENIORS) apparently didn't like me and moved after a certain point. We were both so 'cheap' we did not reserve seats so if you ask me I have no ideawhy she moved. \xa0Anyhow the bus left on time, arrived on time and I thought it wasa bargain: clean, fast, efficient.", 'stars': '4.0'}
{'review': "An OK r/t from NYC to Philly this weekend. Let's break it down...Pickup: - Total random corner of NYC by the Javits Center, but walkable from the 7 or Penn Station- There are 3-4 workers sitting on their butts not being helpful but the signs are simple enough to put you in the right lineTo Philly:- Seat next to me was empty, everyone was courteous, driver wasn't speeding... pretty smooth ride! From Philly:- Booked a seat for $3 more (fancy) and again had no problem getting on the bus- Delayed getting back (accident, not their fault)Other:- Many seats weren't even close to power outlets, some were even on the 'ceiling' by the lights/air switches- Wifi.... nopppe. It was missing on the way down, sloooow on the way back. Not great. - My buds who left 20 min after me had a driver who had a 'no conversations' sign and wouldn't let people talk lol $30 r/t to philly is half the price of a one-way Amtrak ticket. Made it there and back without incident, so there could be improvements, sure, but it was fine. Would do again... maybe", 'stars': '3.0'}
{'review': "The bus is clean and all, cleaner than most but on a drizzly day like this....makes you wonder why they have not figured out how to cover the lines so you don't get wet while you wait....FML. If thousands of people use your buses everyday you should figure out a way that on rainy days, you can have them wait under something, just like your employees", 'stars': '3.0'}
{'review': "Awful experience. I booked a roundtrip from NYC to DC and back and arrived at the stop 15 minutes before departure as stated. We ended up leaving about a half hour to forty minutes late because an angry passenger was making a scene & SCREAMING not only at Megabus employees but passengers as well. It felt like an unsafe environment to be in and I was SURE that personnel would ask him to leave the bus so we could finally depart. Instead, Megabus called the authorities who ended up not doing anything & we basically waited an extra 40 minutes for nothing as the angry passenger was allowed to stay on the bus. \xa0We arrived at our destination around midnight instead of 11. NOT a good first experience on Megabus. Oh, and on the return trip to New York no screaming passengers but we still arrived an hour late. So at least it's consistent in something.", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "We caught the bus from NYC to D.C. The bus left on time, it arrived on time in D.C. We purchased the two seats on lower level with table, when booking the picture didn't show that there would be two other people sitting opposite us.. so bit awkward and no leg room. Very tight seat belts too! We would travel with megabus again just not bother purchasing seats.", 'stars': '3.0'}
{'review': "You get where you are going for pretty cheap. Took the 7 am from Philly to NYC and was supposed to arrive at 9:10. Obviously there is a lot of morning traffic in New York and surrounding areas, I am not sure why they don't account for that and list a more realistic arrival time.", 'stars': '3.0'}
{'review': "The worst bus company that I've ever use. Everything bad:service,personal,timing. I would highly recommend do not use this company.", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "I'm laughing reading the other reviews. It's a bus. The tickets are dirt cheap. Lower your expectations! Of course the wifi isn't going to work! Of course there's no terminal and you have to wait on the sidewalk. You paid $10-$20 for a ticket... you're not flying business class.All of that being said, I took the bus to Syracuse and had absolutely no issues. The bus left on time, got to Syracuse on time, and stopped at a very nice rest stop for 30 mins. The bus was clean, the seat was comfortable, and the outlets worked. It's a low-cost bus that gets you where you need to go. For the price, it's absolutely worth it.", 'stars': '4.0'}
{'review': 'All the negative reviews here surprise me and make me wonder whether my experience was an anomaly. \xa0I took a round trip from NYC to Boston. \xa0The NYC to Boston route was a double decker bus that was clean and looked fairly new. \xa0There were outlets at every seat. \xa0The bus departed about 10 mins later than the scheduled time, and arrived in Boston about 30 mins after the scheduled arrival time. \xa0The driver was friendly and his driving was pretty smooth. \xa0An hour or so before my return trip I got an email from Megabus saying that there was a change - that "Community Coach" would be operating this trip instead of Megabus. \xa0The departure time and gate were unchanged. \xa0This had no impact on my trip whatsoever other than the fact that it was a Coach USA bus taking us back instead of a Megabus. \xa0We departed Boston on time and arrived in NYC about 25 minutes behind schedule. \xa0Again there were outlets at every seat.I would say both trips went just about as smoothly as I could\'ve expected. \xa0My only qualm is that they\'re too ambitious with their scheduling: they allot only 4 hours and 15 minutes for the drive between NYC and Boston. \xa0That\'s too short. \xa0Both my trip to Boston and the return trip back to NYC got in about 25-30 mins behind schedule, and the traffic was pretty normal for both legs.', 'stars': '4.0'}
{'review': 'Entire bus reeks of nauseating chemical toilet smell. Driver repeatedly hits gas and brake in rapid succession instead of simply gently pressing one or the other to maintain speed. These two things are an excellent recipe for motion sickness. Also slow. Does not arrive at destination on time.', 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "Unyielding in its pursuit of unreliability. Currently waiting outside in the cold for a bus that I ran to make on time. I made it, the bus didn't. An hour and counting and nobody here has any information. I guess take megabus if you just need to get somewhere eventually but don't care when.", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "Don't take a Megabus, it's a megaBUST!No AC! crappy, if any , Wifi!But that's not the worst of it! Their online ordering system sucks. When I ordered my round trip ticket to RI and I put in both dates of travel , it changed the date and sold me round trip tickets for the same day. Matter of fact, by the time I would arrive in RI I would have missed the bus back to NY. Unfortunately, I did not notice this error till it was time to return to NY and the guy checking the tickets gave me a hard time and almost didn't let me on the bus. Well, I got on bus and headed back to NYC... But just when you think it could not get much worse, the bus drove through Times Square to get to the Javit Center where the drop off is. This stupid, mind baffling move added another 2 hours to a 5 hour trip. Unflipping believable.I will stick with Peter Pan buses. The interior isn't all that great, but the people are awesome and they get you to and from on time! .", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': 'WORST SERVICE EVER. First time I took their bus to DC, the bus stopped halfway and asked everyone to wait at a visitor center for the next bus because there was an issue with the AC. Second time, I decided to take their bus to DC again (a mistake) the bus was already late by 30 mins and all the passengers were seating WITH NO AC ON A 90°+ DEGREE DAY. After 35 mins of being in the sauna bus, they informed us that we had to move to the next bus because THE RESTROOM WAS OUT OF SERVICE. The second bus, HAD OUTLETS THAT WERE NOT WORKING. Megabus you seriously need to get your things together and provide a better service.', 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "Wht!!!! 1:30am and there is a line of customers waiting for the bus driver to finish his break coz no one can force him????? One star for the hope it will come eventually and it's not raining or snowing. Nobody knows nothing... this is my how you run business. Raise up the prices of you feel you are too cheap to respect your customers", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "Our bus was scheduled for 8:30 a.m. departure today, and we literally just got on the bus at 9:45 a.m. We had to stand in the rain and icy wind for the duration of this delay until this god forsaken bus showed up an hour and 15 minutes late. If I catch pneumonia and die, my ghost will forever haunt you Megabus.UPDATE: \xa0Now were on the bus and this woman won't stfu. Isn't there a rule that you can't be on your phone to respect the silence for other passengers?", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "My son and I took the Megabus from State College, PA to NYC on August 27th. \xa0As an inconvenience, the WiFi did not work and at the mandatory 30 minute rest stop, the driver did not care to engage/resolve this. \xa0Much more alarming is that the bus overheated about five times on Route 80 in New Jersey. \xa0The driver indicated while we were on the side of the road the first time that a technician would be sent out to look at the bus. \xa0About 15 minutes later, he made a new announcement that we would continue on and just keep pulling over as the bus needed. \xa0I was very concerned for our safety on the shoulder of such a busy road (he did not try to get off at exits) and what would happen if the bus overheated in an area that didn't have a wide shoulder. \xa0All in all, we arrived about an hour and 10 minutes late into New York City - fortunately not overheating in the Lincoln Tunnel.", 'stars': '2.0'}
{'review': "I appreciate those times where I take Megabus without any problems. The issue is the anxiety of the entire journey from New York to D.C. that Megabus will give you. Like when the bus is an hour late and everyone is standing in the pouring rain. We were given no warning, no apologizes, no explanation Or right now when the bus driver told us it was illegal for him to drive any further and another bus is on its way to pick us up. We literally less than 30 minutes away from our destination. Another delay. You're losing customers by your lack of management, management. Get. It. Together.", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "I went to Philadelphia and came back the same day so I have used the service twice and in both cases the bus was clean, comfortable and well equipped, it left and arrived on time and drivers were nice and helpful.The WiFi was a little slow sometimes, but for the price you pay, I didn't care at all.Overall a great service for the price.", 'stars': '5.0'}
{'review': "I wish I can give this NEGATIVE stars!STAY AWAY!! Waited 3 hours to NO BUS! Worst customer service!I arrived at the bus station 45 MINS before scheduled time of departure. Kept calling customer service about 10 times in 3 hours when there's no bus at time prescribed. I was told to wait and call again in xx mins every single time I called. It was not until 3 hours later that they were finally willing to HELP me getting a status on the bus! I was told, after 3 hours, that my bus was only 9 mins late and that THEY'RE SORRY I MISSED MY BUS?! (I stood there the whole time!) When I asked to verify with the driver, the supervisor told me I need to email an inquiry...open a case...blah blah blah. As for how I should get home from here?? He said I need to purchase another ticket for the next bus AND there is no refund for my current ticket, No accommodation AND the next available bus is in the morning of the next day?!I ended up spending another $134 for a train ride back to NY in the middle of the night or I can sleep on the streets!IRRESPONSIBLE! UNRELIABLE! Worst company I would NEVER deal with ever again!", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': 'megabus is horrible. you guys charged me twice for 1 adult round trip ticket. \xa0and now have me chasing money that belongs to me. \xa0thanks alot. never again.and the china bus is way cheaper. \xa0smh.', 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': 'This company deserves no stars. Worst bus company I\'ve ever experienced - I\'ve used Greyhound, Yo Bus, Go Bus, Boltbus, etc. Overall, the process was disorganized, the buses were late, the bus facilities were gross and customer service was awful. \xa0Here\'s what went wrong in more detail:1. The bus arrived extraordinarily late by 2.5 hours and arrived to the destination 3 hours late (3AM arrival time). They kept telling us the bus would arrive in 15-20 minutes for the whole time we were waiting for the bus to pick us up. This was my first time using MegaBus ever and the pickup stop was extraordinarily busy/hectic and people were upset that all of their buses were late. \xa0The general sentiment sounded like the regular customers were used to the bus being late. \xa0It was also hard to talk to the people who were working there to understand what the current situation was. 2. The only bathroom for the double decker bus was nasty. This company does multiple back-to-back trips to be "efficient" ...but that also means the bathrooms are NOT cleaned in between trips and that they\'re more likely to be late. I was one of the first people in the bathroom and it was soaked everywhere on the floor and toilet seat and was just plain nasty. \xa0The bus driver had to give a speech to the bus to explain that everyone needs to keep the toilet clean.3. Customer service is awful. Don\'t even bother wasting your time to call them. This business is about selling cheap tickets at your expense. You won\'t get a refund back. The phone call will only get you more upset about the experience. I tried calling during the 2.5 hour wait and asked about a refund. The lady responded saying "oh yes, I can help with that. Just tell me your reference numb--" and cut off. It was NOT a coincidence that the phone line cut off - when I called back and talked with another representative, they said that at this time they can not offer refunds and that the reference number was not necessary.They will not let you know if you qualify for a refund if you call the day of the trip. \xa0They will tell you to call them 2-3 business days after the trip. If you do qualify, you will not get a full refund - only a credit refund to buy another ticket with their company. \xa0This company sucks. \xa0Don\'t put yourself through this excruciating experience. \xa0It\'s not worth your time and it\'s not worth supporting this company. \xa0Don\'t do it.', 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "Megabus is a great option for someone who doesn't want to spend more than $40 and waits until the last possible minute to book travel arrangements. I took the bus from NYC to D.C. and I booked the morning I was leaving. This is honestly a great option, the bus was clean, left NYC on time, seat size and room were something comparable to Amtrak and Airplanes. Reserving a seat isn't worth the extra $7, my tip is, get there at least \xa030-45 minutes BEFORE the bust leaves in order to get a great seat! Also, remember it's a bus, so you MUST consider traffic delays, especially if you need to be somewhere at your arriving city at a specific time.", 'stars': '5.0'}
{'review': 'Even 1star is more than enough for their service. Never come on time. I go twice or three times a month to D.C. from NY. This time they were 37 minutes late. It was scheduled at 8:00am. Really? For real. On top of that the staffs are extremely rude. If the scheduled duration is 4hours, it is more likely going to be 5hours(from my previous experience) and add up your wait time. Not worth of the money, time and energy....', 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "Today has been my worst experience with Megabus yet. \xa0I will NEVER take this bus service again. \xa0Nor would I ever wish this awful experience onto anyone else. \xa0Stay FAR away.Our bus was scheduled to depart at 6:10 p.m. \xa0Most folks will arrive to line up about half an hour early. \xa0Our bus finally arrived at 7:20 p.m. and we departed around 7:40 p.m. \xa0That was NOT the worst part. \xa0Our driver then decided to take 84 the majority of the way back to Boston, despite the fact that there were three construction sites each adding about an additional hour of travel time as compared to other routes. \xa0It's currently 12:25-ish a.m. and we are still in stop-and-go construction traffic. \xa0We remain a minimum one hour and thirty-seven minutes from destination. \xa0This all could have been avoided if our driver took one of the several alternate routes to Boston at different points during the trip. \xa0Our bus was scheduled to arrive at 10:40 p.m. and now will arrive no earlier than 2 a.m.Also, the A/C has been on since we left NYC and the folks around me have been complaining about the temperature for a while. \xa0Although I am not particularly temperature sensitive, even I find it to be far too cold.Feel free to take Megabus if you don't mind eight hours of travel and being over four hours late to arrive. \xa0Oh yeah, and bring your winter jacket.", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': 'This weekend I had my first experience on Megabus traveling with my family from NYC to Washington DC. Despite the negative Yelp reviews I had read, decided to give it a try. \xa0On our NYC/DC trip we were impressed with the quality of the bus itself as well as the efficiency of the personnel. Unfortunately, I cannot say the same about the return trip and found the negative Yelp reviews on target. The condition of the bus was poor. Overall the bus was in disrepair: \xa0The seat belt "sticks." The personal lighting at several seats did not function. My daughter\'s seat needed to be washed off as it was sticky from probably the previous passenger. \xa0There were crumbs on the seat next to it. \xa0Most troubling was that the shock absorbers were non-existent. The bus bounced intensely during the entire trip. We felt every imperfection in the roadway. Every divot. Every seam. Every pothole large and small. Every flaw without exception. Fortunately, no one on the bus seemed to suffer from car sickness or else it would have been far worse. The ride felt more like being on a ship during a storm on the high seas. Swinging and swaying like a thrill ride in an amusement park! For four hours. I wrote to Megabus the evening we returned , recounting the experience and stating, \xa0"I strongly suggest you take this bus out of service and repair it to the level of service that you tout and that is expected from Megabus. Please accept this in the spirit in which it is intended: to improve the quality of your service, rather than criticize. If this had been our first experience, it would have been our last." \xa0Their canned response: "Thank you for contacting megabus customer service. We would like to apologize for the inconvenience your journey with us has caused you. I have recorded the details of your complaint to assure that the appropriate measures will be taken to avoid a recurrence. Your patronage is important to us, and we hope you will give us the opportunity to serve you again. We appreciate your business. Thank you for choosing megabus.com." On a positive note, the bus did run on time and is reasonably priced. \xa0Nevertheless, I doubt that we will ever utilize their transport in the future.', 'stars': '2.0'}
{'review': 'The waiting line to get on the bus can be very confusing. Make sure you double check which line you are supposed to go on!! We just missed our bus because nothing was clear (the destination sign is placed in the middle of 2 lines... go figure if you are supposed to go right or left!). And the staff wasn\'t calling "last call for X destination ", something you would expect them to do. Instead they would rather seat down, chat, listen to music, and check their phone. And when I and the 10 other people who missed the bus complained and asked to be on the next bus, staff got mad at us and told us to pay an extra 5$ fee if we wanted to get on the next bus. The only reason I\'m putting 2 stars and not just one is because one guy was "nice enough" to assure us we will get on the next bus and I will be able to make it to my destination.', 'stars': '2.0'}
{'review': "Sitting behind the driver and he's not letting you talk or use your cell!!! How insane is that?!? Never heard such a thing in my life!", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "On Thursday night I left from Anaheim, CA to San Francisco. At 3 AM, the bus broke down for 3 hours. The reason for this this trip was because I had an interview at 10:30 AM. We did not get to the city till around 10:00 AM. At that point, there was no use to the trip anymore so I had to book a ticket to leave the same day instead of the next day. The cost to trade the ticket from Saturday night to Friday cost an additional 25.00 USD. Additional the bus was not a Megabus and the reserve seat was no longer available and without wi-fi. What was Megabus's response (Megabus Customer Service Specialist: Asia and Jasmine) to this mess? I had paid 52.00 bucks for that ticket to get there. They gave me two 20 discount coupons and another for 12 instead of a cash refund or at least a full 52.00 discount. Additionally, they did not care to do anything about the 25.00 I spent to trade the trip from Saturday night to Friday night. I lost a potential job, and over 100.00 bucks in money.", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': 'If you value your safety, do me (but really yourself) a favor and never, ever use Megabus.My friend and I were taking a bus from BOS-NYC last night and had a nightmare experience. Megabus and its competitors have a "get what you pay for" reputation,which is usually fine. Our bus was set to arrive to New York at 12:05AM and at 11:30PM, our driver randomly pulls over on the Bronx Highway to a sketchy, poorly lit, scarce gas station, mumbles something completely inaudible into the loud speaker, and leaves. It wasn\'t until 45 minutes later of complete radio silence that we all went outside to get to the bottom of the hold up. The driver simply said he was done driving for the night and when we asked when the estimated time of arrival would be or why we weren\'t clearly informed of our revised itinerary, he started yelling at all of us. So a bus of 60 or so people basically stranded on a highway. Cute. Thank God (aka Uber) for having some available cars on the highway or else I really don\'t know how we would\'ve gotten home.We were all left to our own devices to get home, and my friend and I had to spend $90 on an Uber (would pay anything for safety but a ridiculous fee as we were just about to enter the city). When I complained to Megabus earlier this morning, I was told that they cannot reimburse us for our tickets (even though the company is the sole reason for this problem), but a 25% off redemption code could be sent our way! Oy.There are so many things that are wrong with this experience. Above all, the unnecessary danger we were all put in by leaving us virtually stranded on the side of the highway in the middle of the night is completely unethical,maybe even criminal to some transportation codes of conduct. Megabus isn\'t perfect, but the lack of respect, organization and accommodating, understanding customer service is really disturbing. I\'d rather spend more money on a train or flight if that means I\'ll get from point A to point B without questioning my safety.Cars break down, traffic happens, and even delays happen. But when a car full of people are left to their own devices to get home safely on the side of the highway and don\'t even receive proper accommodations after the fact, that is major code for alarm.', 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "I'll give Megabus 3 stars and here's why: Friday afternoon in August we had tickets to DC. We arrived at the Megabus location across from the Javits Center 20 minutes prior to our scheduled departure time of 5:15. The line was insanely long and we found out that it was because the 330 bus just arrived and there was heavy traffic from Baltimore so our bus was late. I didn't think this was a good excuse until we rode back from DC and I could understand the traffic situation. What I did NOT appreciate was that they had no one at the NYC location communicating this to anyone. Second hit is reserved tickets/seats. I paid extra money to have 2 reserved seats. When we left NYC on our way to DC we had those reserved seats. However, we stopped in Baltimore and had to change busses and once we changed busses, I was informed we no longer had reserved seats that I PAID FOR. So my girlfriend and I had to sit in different locations on the bus from Baltimore to DC while other common folk sat in our reserved seats that I paid for.I didn't appreciate the latter at all. Yeah, wifi barely works and people are constantly scrunching on loud bags of chips and the traffic sucks. I can get past that but I cannot look past someone paying extra for reserved seats and only getting them half the way.", 'stars': '3.0'}
{'review': "Mega-Sucks! \xa0Round trip NYC to Boston and back: \xa02 hours late both times. \xa0No wifi. \xa0Bathroom unspeakable. \xa0Had I read the other reviews, I would have avoided it--no one seems to get wifi and there is a huge risk of long delays. \xa0For NYC, this route has to go through Harlem, so it's very slow both ways. \xa0Plan accordingly.", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "People don't use this company! I will never have anything with them again and I'll tell all my friends don't use their service! And actually I'm looking for a lawyer to sue them! I booked my trip in advance 3 weeks before and they canceled it just a few hours before the trip! Without any reasons. I had to buy new tickets from another company and I over paid obviously because I bought those tickets right before departing! Thank you megabus!!!I called customer service, that girl was so rude and didn't answer any of my question!Today they sent me email about refund and guess what?! They kept booking fee!! For what? I purchased tickets! Paid for them. They canceled the trip and they didn't give me all my money back!!!! What? Seriously???", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "1 star is pushing it. Each time I've used Megabus I've arrived at my destination at least two hours late. Not to mention - I arrive at the departure location and stand among other confused passengers who were provided with minimal direction my employees who literally just stand around watching in amusement.The drivers do not have any regard for their passengers when driving, nor do the other employees when loading the buses. If you have the time and money, book a train ticket and save yourself the stress. Megabus is never worth the savings.", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': 'The price may appeal to the average customer, but it absolutely reflects the quality of the business. there are soooo many more bus options out there, PLEASE take any one of those -esp from NYC to DC and vice versa...tripper, vamoose, greyhound, etc. I\'ve taken megabus in the past and have never been the biggest fan due to a multitude of reasons, but my last venture set me over the edge of no return to ever using this company again. I took it from NYC to DC about 2 weeks ago - leaving at 2:00pm, with a 6:30pm ETA. We were smooth sailing until the driver pulled over at a random truck stop in Maryland and proclaimed we had to wait for a driver switch. He said it would take 30 minutes (which was frustrating but understandable in the grand scheme of things). IT TOOK 2 HOURS. The bus driver refused to give us any information but rather kept announcing (30 more minutes, 20 more minutes, 30 more minutes, etc.) until eventually we had been sitting on the side of the highway for 2 hours for the new driver...AC not running...people screaming and throwing fits. The bus driver disappeared because everyone was yelling at him. The new driver FINALLY arrived 2 hours later, and proclaimed that there was "traffic from where he was coming from". The fact that megabus KNEW the driver leaving new york was going to hit his limit 2 hours into the ride and did not arrange for a new driver to be there waiting for a bus load of 50 people is absolutely ridiculous. When I emailed to complain, they said "they cannot control traffic". NO SHIT. so take into account that if someone is coming from dc to maryland at 5pm, they will OBVIOUSLY hit traffic and need to leave with time to spare. I was not compensated for this ride, even though we arrived to DC at 9:30pm, 3 hours after the original ETA, all due to this company\'s sheer stupidity. will never take again.', 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "I've actually used megabus before and didn't have any problems except that there was a delay on my return trip. But that didn't bother me much.However, when it's 1:30 am and the damn bus driver doesn't have the decency to open the door for 3 young women, I have a problem. That's exactly what happened to my friends and I earlier today. Also, the bus driver left earlier than scheduled. We tried chasing the bus and I even banged on the door and the bus driver wouldn't let us on. Terrible. Don't expect this business to last.", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': 'This bus service has horrible customer service, who hungup with me in the middle of a call, and is ridden with hidden fees. It was $2 for a reservations, $0.50 for text message reminders, $7 to rebook online/$12 on the phone.So I arrived at the bus right on time as it was departing and the bus driver would not let me on the bus as he was just about to depart. i give them this one since this one since it does say to arrive 15 minutes early, so I needed to drive myself.I called them to get a refund for my return trip and the Customer Service agent hung up on me mid-call after saying they can reschedule my trip, without giving any further details. I called back, thats when they told me again they do not do refunds, and this time they told me and it was $7/$12 to reschedule my trip (and it needs to be done 3 hours before FYI). Not sure what the actual bus ride is like, but this is not a way to treat customers. Try another bus service.', 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': 'The exchange policy is too restrictive and all they do is quote the policy. \xa0My tickets cost $345 and their two options were try stand by or pay another $345. \xa0So much for $1 fares. \xa0Never Again!', 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "I returned to Megabus after years using Bolt, Vamoose and other buses instead. The bus was supposed to depart 20 mins ago and it's not even here. No word from the staff. And it's pouring rain", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "So here's what happened, I took the 6:30pm bus from Boston to NYC. The driver was driving according to the schedule and everything was fine. But all of a sudden he announces that his driving hours are over and he won't be able to drive any more. The bus was hardly 15 miles away from the destination. Everyone had to wait for the alternate driver to come from NYC to replace the current driver. The wait was approximately 2 hours. This is really very poor management by megabus. FYI, this has happened a second time to me. I believe this will be my last ride with megabus.", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': 'Megan bus I was a fan.. Until I experienced your shitastic bus stop In NYC. Our bus was delayed nearly an hour, which I understand happens, however it\'s the 10 people sitting at a picnic table doing nothing but smoking and ignoring people that made me extremely frustrated. Any question no matter what the inquiry, was answered with"get in line". After seeing the bus that the mega bus site ascribed to my travel, per the number and front description, I asked if that was my bus, again I was told "get in line". Not even an acknowledgment \xa0of my question. Not to mention the line was dedicated and filled with people destined to a different city, I just needed clarification. I decided thankfully to not listen to the employee because the line I was told to enter wrapped around the corner and the bus was in fact my bus. This experience was awful and I\'m definitely paying the additional amount to Amtrak next time.', 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "Its 8 pm and i'm still on the bus now from Dc to NYC which was supposed to have arrived 6 pm in NYC. The 2 pm bus didn't show until 3 and the driver had to switch midway. At this rate I'll be lucky to make it by morning. \xa0Stay away. Would recommend boltbus, a donkey or even walking for reliability.", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "First, (and probably last) time riding with Megabus.Bus didn't take off from New York until about 6:45pm (was supposed to leave at 6pm).The site averaged the ride would be 4 hours and 15 minutes - which is NOT ACCURATE at all! You know you are going to have traffic, you know you are going to stop 15 million times for whatever reason, why don't you be realistic and say it is a SOLID 5 hour trip?! \xa0The bus to DC took about 5 hours with the driver stopping three times for .... ? No idea what! The bus home was the worst. \xa0Guy next to me smelled HORRIBLE, left his trash on the ground. \xa0The girl behind me thought it would be a good idea to facetime her friend for, I kid you not, 2.5 hours!! Bathroom is horrendous and smells terrible. \xa0No sink or anything. \xa0The driver on the way home stopped 3 times all for about 15 minutes each. \xa0That adds 45 minutes on an already long trip. \xa0Additionally, the A/C was awful and they had us sitting on the bus boarding with NO A/C! This is how people die. \xa0Literally.I have taken GoBus before, and I highly recommend that! Have had no issues what so ever with them and they even give you water. \xa0Also, it is a bit cheaper too!", 'stars': '2.0'}
{'review': "I'm writing this review while holding my breath in a Megbus, so forgive me if I pass out from the stink before I complete the review... To be fair, there are some PROS:On time;Smooth boarding;Polite efficient staff on ground and friendly driver;Cheap: only $10pp for Thurs NY to BOS @2:40pmNow the CONS:None of the outlets work, so don't assume u can charge ur devices - but I don't care about that, as my main complaint is the SMELL!A man talked loudly on his phone for some 15 min until someone said something to him, afterwards he was almost as loud, for another 15 min...This same man then took off his shoes and made himself comfortable, snuggling for a nap. Soon, extremely pungent odor released by his feet permeated the entire 1st level of the bus, literally choking all of us to death! We tried to turn on the fan to direct the smell away, and switch seats to avoid the worst of it, but alas, smell has an efficient way of traveling...Scouting out the 2nd level afforded a slightly less offensive smell, but some people also did the same up here - removing shoes for their own comfort without regard for other passengers!At least on the upper deck, we didn't also have to be subjected to the acrid \xa0stink emanating from the horribly smelly bathroom (that had run out of hand cleaner!)So, until such time that the bus companies establish a policy of no shoe removal, for the sake of humanity, PLEASE DON'T TAKE OFF YOUR SHOES!", 'stars': '2.0'}
{'review': "This is the worse bus service they are scam artist and racists i purchase 2 tickets for my child and myself from Pittsburgh pa too ny the bus stop was change never notified me and 20 people also miss the bus as well then 2 supervisor told me the bus was 20 to 30 minutes late. Then when i asked for refund they then change their story and said it left on time and they dont give refunds.so i had to purchase 2 more tickets for me and my young child then we had to wait 3 more hrs for the 315 but that bus was 1hr late so imstead of getting there at 1125 we got there at 1225 so when the bus finally arrived 2 white men who were megabus employees boarding the luggage they both made racial slurs to me as well as indian man and woman also to a Pakistani woman as well but they were so polite to all the white people but even the white people were offended tellimg them they shouldn't talk to people like animals but they didnt stop til bus pulled off i want eveyone to know how terrible this company is and they codone racism and they are theives I would give them zero stars but yelp makes u give something i going to continue to complain on the megabus until justice is done", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': 'Took 2 times. Had always been 1 hour late.People are packed and prices are not so cheap.I strongly recommend to look after other companies.', 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': 'Based on the reviews I called to ask if it was normal for a driver to stop the bus because his driving hours were over and the costumer service representative said: "yes this might happen" What!! How do you even run a transportation company like this!? Will not use this service ever!', 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "It's 5:00 pm, I'm at 45th St. in NYC, and we were supposed to be on 27th St. at 3:45. Doesn't that say it all? Oh, and the bus departed at the exact time that it was supposed to (11:30 am) and there were zero incidents along the way (such as rain or traffic accidents). There is no excuse for such extreme tardiness.", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "The big selling point of taking a Megabus over others was the wifi, which didn't work any any of the 4 1-way trips I took.People are crammed together tightly, it was too hot, the fan didn't work, and to cram everyone on to one of these busses there's no overhead storage. Plan to bring an extra bag for your on-bus essentials because even a small daypack makes the seating uncomfortable.", 'stars': '2.0'}
{'review': "Spent $60 on a ticket. Spent 30 on a Uber ride to get to the bus. The bus I was supposed to get on was delayed to 5am from 3:30am. I'm being bitten by bugs and the staffs weren't any help at all. They say to call customer service while everyone on the line were calling to get a refund. The automatic voice says there's no service. This is probably the worst experience I've ever had with bus services.", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "I've taken the Megabus between Boston and New York City about 30 times so far. I would say that so far, there were no complications about 80% of the time. The seats are usually clean, the ride tends to be less bumpy if you sit on the right side of the bus, and the average time that it takes the bus to travel from Boston to NYC and vice versa is about 5.5 hours. Traveling between Manhattan and the toll booth after Yonkers is usually a full hour, at least. Sometimes the bus goes into New Jersey to bypass Manhattan traffic, but this happens EXTREMELY rarely. Also, avoid sitting in the bottom seats that are near the bathroom, as you will be smelling strong chemical smells of ammonia the entire ride. I always sit on the top deck and do not smell anything. With that in mind, I had a HORRIBLE experience on the Megabus today: a) The bus drivers do not have GPS or any sort of warnings about which routes to take to bypass traffic. My driver unnecessarily drove into a traffic-heavy route that caused us to spend an hour standing in traffic for 10 miles in the small towns right before the tollbooth into Yonkers.b) After we finally escaped the traffic, the driver pulled up onto a truck stop right past the tollbooth and told us she has surpassed the legal limit of how much time she is allowed to drive and that we needed to wait for a replacement driver, who would arrive in 20 minutes. Twenty minutes later.... we were told it would be another twenty minutes. Another twenty minutes later.... we were told it would be another forty five minutes. Some passengers asked if they could be let off the bus and wait outside, or be picked up, and the driver started yelling at them that if they attempt to leave the bus, she would call the police on them. She locked the doors of the bus so that people could not even wait outside. Three Megabuses passed us during this waiting time. Overall, about 1.5 hours passed before the replacement driver arrived.c) Passengers that attempted to contact Megabus customer service during the wait were told to call again after they get off the bus. \xa0d) This bus had initially left Boston at 7AM, stopped in Yonkers at 12:10PM, started moving again at 1:40PM, and then spent another 2 hours in traffic in the Bronx, and another one hour in traffic moving down 9th avenue in Manhattan. The bus driver did not attempt to drive down 11th avenue to avoid the crazy Friday 4PM traffic between 57th and 40th street, where we moved a block per 3 minutes. Overall, the bus left Boston at 7AM, and arrived at 27th street at 4:45PM. This was a 9.75 hour bus ride from Boston to NYC... The scheduled arrival time had been 12PM. e) \xa0No explanation was given for the lateness, or why the replacement driver had not ALREADY been waiting for us, especially since the first driver had caused us to spend an unnecessary hour in traffic. Had we avoided the traffic and arrived at Yonkers at 11:10AM, would we have still needed to wait until 1:40PM for a driver to show up??? Overall, this experience really makes me reconsider turning to Megabus in the future.", 'stars': '2.0'}
{'review': 'THIS COMPANY SUCKS. Uncomfortable buses. Got to my destination 3 hours late. Unapologetically bas service. Spend the money on literally any other form of transportation.', 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': 'If I could give a 0, I would. 1) The bus was SO hot when I first got on. The air came on when the bus started and I was immediately relieved. Then, it went from 100 to 40 degrees and stayed that way for the over 5 hour trip. However, that wasn\'t the worst part. 2) The bus stopped NOT ONCE, BUT TWICE. We, the passengers, had no idea what was going on. I looked out the window and saw the bus driver smoking. The guy in front of me when down to see what happened and "the driver had gone over her driving hours." People started taking their luggage and leaving (which made me nervous that my luggage could easily be stolen). The driver got on and announced that she was over her hours but was told to continue (we were 30 minutes from our destination). The driver then stopped 15 minutes later. Again, no announcement. More people were getting off and leaving. We had no idea what was going on. We were legit less than 15 minutes from our final stop at Union Station. A new driver, I\'m assuming, came and we continued on to our final stop. 2 stops - with major delays, no communication... absolutely ridiculous.', 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': 'Update on using megabus tickets for coach 10/1/17: Absolutely terrible! Bought a megabus ticket and went up to the coach window to retrieve it only to see a long line of people (snaking down to almost the opposite end) waiting to get/pick up tickets to Woodbury commons. Apparently there was a flash sale or w/e. One of the security guards was unsympathetic while the other was very sympathetic when they heard I was here to pick up a ticket I had already purchased to go back to school. I asked one group at the front if I can cut and she threw up her hands and said no, that she waited on line and how was I any different. (Um, you\'re not wrong but I also can\'t see how much more important it is to go to Woodbury commons than any other trip). Short line wouldn\'t let me get on without their ticket and calling megabus only told me that there was a lack of communication between the two. They said I only needed my reservation number when it explicitly states from both companies that I need to get a ticket from the coach window. How dare they accuse me of purposely getting off the line so I would miss the bus...do I really want to sit at port authority for 2+ hrs and do I have the money to just throw away like that??? Explaining that the line simply was too long only resulted a "too bad" from them. Why would I need to take megabus in the first place if I had the money to take better transportation?All in all, megabus and short line suck.', 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': 'I\'ve been taking MegaBus for years now, not because they are a good company, but because they are "cheap" compared to other transportation services. As such, I\'ve been able to see the following patterns:1. The buses are nearly always late, like, maybe 95% of the time. Sometimes the bus is 10 minutes late, oftener it is 30 min to an hour late. 2. Communication is lacking. If a bus is late, you may or may not be notified. I\'ve had times when a driver walks off the bus mid-trip and made to wait for a replacement driver without being told when said driver would arrive. You may be kept guessing for quite a while...3. Wifi is terrible, often it doesn\'t work at all. 4. Customer service? What is that? Megabus certainly doesn\'t have a clue.After years of begrudgingly putting up with Megabus because I thought it was the "cheapest" options, I\'ve finally decided I deserved better. There are plenty of other bus services offering competitive or even lower prices.', 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "This is my first and the LAST trip by Megabus. I booked 10:30am bus from NYC to Washington DC. It was raining heavily but the bus stop doesn't have a rain shelter. They had two empty buses vacated but refuse to provide a temporary bus for passengers to stay away from the rain. Our bus was delayed for about 40 minutes. What's more absurd is the 11:00am bus to DC departs before us. No management and scheduling is behind and onsite Megabus employees were really rude.", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "I don't usually write reviews but I just don't know what to do. \xa0I rode on a Megabus for the very first time last week and was excited about this low cost travel option since I've just returned to school. \xa0I know others have nightmare stories, but the trip itself was ok. I gave the company one star because I accidentally left an item on the bus and have spent the last 10 days getting the run around from the customer service department. \xa0The item was something I need for school and it was an honest mistake, but the reviews I've seen online indicate I might as well forget the item because it has little to no chance of ever being returned to me. \xa0I'm devastated and have spoke to some of the most unfriendly and unhelpful people over the last few days from their office and not received a successful outcome. \xa0I'm not riding again if I can absolutely help it.", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "I was never a hater of Megabus. Started using them in the U.K. and was thrilled when service became available in the states a few years ago.However, one horrible experience is all it takes. I wish I could give a no star rating. Here's the email I've sent as of yesterday (from what I've read, I don't expect a reply or this situation to be handled correctly):My name is Karla (xxx) and I am currently on bus DD716 11:35 am bus bound for Pittsburgh via State College from NYC. I'm with my boyfriend Brian (xxx). We have used Megabus several times and consider ourselves to be loyal customers with repeat business.However, a situation has just occurred with our driver that requires a formal complaint and frankly gives me great concern for the duration of our journey.We were rushed around at the rest stop given just 20 minutes (the bus left NYC on schedule) and while in Burger King in front of a packed restaurant she began barking at everyone that the bus leaves in three minutes (she did this while waiting for her order).We get back on the bus and a passenger seated upstairs near us had asked to have the a/c turned off (as did several others downstairs). The driver came upstairs and yelled at him stating she would do it when everyone got back on the bus, that others had also asked. She then started raising her voice and screaming that she had a schedule to keep and the a/c would go off once everyone was on the bus. She then said if no one agreed with her she would have all of us thrown off the bus. During the rant she advised she wouldn't be accused of leaving passengers behind so they could get refunds. She also told the man who asked to have the a/c turned down that he didn't run the company. No one really spoke back to her as the mostly middle aged to senior crowd was in shock. Again, this happened upstairs where I was seated. A passenger calmly suggested that she can't threaten to have passengers removed without warrant. At that time others started to speak up in agreement. The driver went downstairs and returned talking on her phone stating that she had ten unruly passengers who needed removed. I don't know if the call was real or not because she went back down and we were once again on our way. She was so concerned about time that she wasted it by creating a scene making your valued customers uncomfortable and upset.In addition to this major situation, a minor problem was non-functioning outlets (entire bus) which could have normally been overlooked. However, today it's the icing on the cake.I've been a Megabus customer and supporter for years, often riding when in Europe. When Megabus came to the U.S. I was beyond thrilled and have chosen Megabus every single time I travel to NYC or DC to and from Pittsburgh. I would brag to my friends and family about how amazing Megabus is (several of whom are now also riders but doubtfully will be when I tell them of this trip). After this incident I'm honestly not sure what the future holds for me and Megabus. I'm sure you'll be receiving multiple complaints as there were people advising that they would as well as shooting video of the incident that took place.Here's to hoping the rest of the journey back to Pittsburgh is safe, smooth and peaceful.Sincerely-Karla (xxx)UPDATE: Nearly a month later I've heard back from Megabus. They have addressed the issue and steps were taken with regard to the driver. In addition, we were offered 50% off our next trip.", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': 'had to wait a bus from NYC to DC for more than an hour, could not get an answer as to why our bus was delayed. Terrible service, never take it again, even for free, my time is worth much more than crappy Megabus', 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "I've been using Mega Bus since it first started and over the past few years they have become as jaded and rude as Greyhound. You can NEVER get anyone on the phone if you have a problem. \xa0They have horrible customer service. \xa0They steal your money if you have a problem that can't be solved with their trade in policy. \xa0 I'm so disappointed with what has happened to this bus line. It used to be a pleasant experience. \xa0It's not anymore. I have had way too many awful experiences!!", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': '2+ hours late. If you value your time you are better off with a more reputable bus company or the train. I read reviews talking about the lateness and gave it a shot anyway. Oops.', 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': 'For starters the bus was 40 minutes late. An announcement was NOT made, and details were NOT given from the employees. When we asked what was going on we were told "the bus is late." No sh*t sherlock. No employees knew where the bus was located, when it would arrive or how to contact a driver... how is that even possible!? When we proceeded to call customer service they had a similar incompetent response and were unable to provide any information.. NOW THREE HOURS LATE WE ARE SITTING ON THE SIDE OF THE HIGHWAY BECAUSE THE BUS HAS BROKEN DOWN. IT\'S GOING TO A 1.5+ HOUR WAIT FOR A NEW BUS. So with an estimated arrival time at 11:50 PM it is now scheduled to arrive at 4:30 AM That means I have missed my connecting train and will have to pay for a hotel in NYC.THIS IS RIDICULOUS. NEVER USE MEGABUS. Say hello to the Spirit Airlines of busses.Terrible customer service, terrible busses, terrible EVERYTHING.', 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': 'Avoid by all costs. 2.5 hour delay due to the second driver being late, no wifi for the 7 hour duration of the trip that should have been 4.5 at the most. Left NY 330 am, no traffic, no bus malfunction. Driver got lost several times and had to pull over to random exits to contact his dispatcher and then made the whole bus just wait for over an hour for second driver to show up because the first one could not drive anymore. Customer service is absent, please avoid.', 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': 'Poor customer service, the driver was rude, took 6 hours to get from DC to NY, charges extra luggage fee for 20 dollars.We were stuck at New Jersey for 45 minutes waiting for another bus to change drivers.WIFI? Honestly if there is one person that actually connects to it, the person should post about it cause it never worked.', 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': 'Used to be better, getting worse and worse. Falls into the "you get what you pay for" category of service. I ride - or rode MegaBus many times to and from Baltimore, MD, and the only positive thing I can say is that it\'ll get you there cheap.Bolt Bus is a better option, although could cost a bit more sometimes.The Wi-Fi doesn\'t work. The power outlets don\'t hold a phone charger and are inconveniently placed between you and another passenger, constantly knocking it out of the socket.I had a bus from NYC to Baltimore on Saturday 9/17 - the bus showed up over an hour late because "the driver was sick." A company such as this has no contingency plan in the event their drivers get sick - and then, don\'t even offer up any sort of compensation to the inconvenienced customers.Going through a long legal process with them for a refund on a $29.00 ticket all because they cannot admit their mistake. Last time I\'m ever using this place.', 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': 'The bus was supposed to leave at 9pm, but it left at 9:30pm...because the driver needed to stretch....then while in the road, she stopped for a break again. And then we had to wait 20-30min for a new driver in the middle of the road.we were supposed to arrive to nyc at 1:30, but instead we arrived at 3:30am. HORRIBLE SERVICE.', 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "The day started out great. Our megabus left on time from New York this morning and even arrived early at our destination of Philadelphia. We had a wonderful day exploring Philadelphia. I highly recommend visiting there. As our day ended we arrived at the megabus pick up spot in Philadelphia about 30 mins early. Our bus was scheduled to leave at 9:00 PM. The megabus did not even arrive until 9:20 PM, delaying us all getting back to New York. But wait it gets better. About halfway through the bus ride, our bus driver pulls off to the shoulder of the highway. Apparently there was a fight going on downstairs on the lower level between the bus driver and a passenger who was concerned with the speed of the bus driver. After sitting on the shoulder of the interstate for about 10 mins the bus driver then pulls into a gas station where we are held for about another 15 mins. From the upper level you could hear the bus driver yelling at several of the passengers downstairs. People on this bus including myself are not happy because we were already supposed to be back in New York by now. Even though the buses are convenient, I'm not sure if I can take another late night bus ride again because that seems like the times from past experiences and this one that bus drivers tend to be unruly. If you're going to take megabus, take a morning bus.", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "Worst bus experience ever. I don't mind not having wifi and a power outlet if I know that in advance, but touting the offering and then not delivering is unacceptable. I mean, what kind of bus doesn't have wifi these days?Not to mention to rudeness of the ground staff and the fact that the bus was late to both leave and arrive. Tl;dr - terrible. choose gotobus if you can, the few experiences I've had with them were by far superior.", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "NYC to Boston Well, I may have saved $150 by taking Megabus instead of Amtrak ...but, I've been on my megabus adventure for 5.5 hours already and I'm still not in Boston. Our driver was late. Very late. We left the NYC pick up area 45 minutes late. We crawled through NYC traffic and took the long way out of the city - through central Harlem. Now we're stuck in traffic ...about an hour and a half from Boston. It's 3:45pm and we were supposed to arrive in Boston at 2:20pm. There goes my afternoon. Also, there's no real free wifi. The wifi here is basically dialup speed. Glad I'm taking the Acela back to NYC tomorrow. I just hope I get to Boston in time to catch my train that leaves tomorrow evening. I hope I get a refund on this megabust.", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "Hey Megabus, publicize why the NYC to Hartford route has been terminated. I've met some wonderful individuals who rely on that route to make ends meet. I called customer service on the phone and was told the route still exists but one needs to travel all the way to Boston from NYC and then transfer to Hartford. What's worse is that the representative on the line was telling me this with a serious tone. So why was it cancelled? If it's budget/ cost/ supply & demand related- publicize the details behind it. How much does the CEO make a year as your regional bus service (still an important module in this nation's public transportation network) continues to diminish for individuals and families across all income brackets for viable regional public transportation? Just like the current state of the MTA (all NYers can relate to this)- more people need to ask what can be done to change the current state of where things are. Top level management likely isn't working at its optimum potential/ capacity. Best Wishes, Benji", 'stars': '2.0'}
{'review': "I wish there was a way to give no stars!! The most rudest bus driver. All I asked was its really hot and I don't feel good can you turn the Ac up or please check and e banged his hand on the steering wheel and said I don't have control can't do anything about it!! So I call the company and they are like we have it regulated but the issue is NO AIR is coming out!! DEFINITELY REPORTING TO BETTER BUSINESS BUREAU once I get off this bus!! All she could say was I cant do anything for you! Really?? REALLY??", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "Was scheduled to stop in NY at 7:15, but we didn't get there until 7:50. The driver wouldn't let me off earlier when I asked him to let me off at 42nd street which wasn't off of his route. This made me miss my next bus. The bus was dirty, hot, and the WiFi didn't work.", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "Honestly, just stop lying about the time. It took almost exactly one hour longer each way to and from Boston. It wasn't rush hour. There was no traffic. We made one stop to switch drivers each way. It was a typical ride. So just stop lying.", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': 'Worst and unfair service.Even though me and my girlfriend were waiting for the bus in the line, they sold the last tickets and overbooked the bus. Therefore, we missed the bus.', 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "This bus service deserves less than a one. I travel the cheapest and most comfortable way... throughout all countries all over the world... I had work in NYC at 6, booked a bus to arrive at 4:45 (accounting for traffic). Bus my seat was overbooked by Megabus and I was placed on a 2pm which left at 2:15 (almost two hours later- no apology, no explanation until 1:45 when the 12:30 bus left and 7 of us were still standing there). Called the company less than a week later (was busy working past 7pm in NY). I was told I can only receive a 25% off voucher for my next trip and then was hung up on after I asked for the representatives name and her supervisors assistance. I had to call back as the supervisor not only didn't give me the code ... but ensured I was not taken care of you hanging up on me. No answer, no customer service. #mega #solotravel #crime #megabus DO NOT RIDE MEGABUS #enslavement #manipulation #megabus #megabusassholes", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': 'DO NOT RIDE MEGABUS! They charge \xa0$5 if you want to take an earlier or later bus on the same date as the ticket you purchased. They never did that in the past. Secondly it should NOT take 7 hours to get from dc to ny. Every time I have taken Megabus there is a technical/electrical difficulty and I have had to wait for another bus to arrive which usually does not have enough seats to accommodate everyone who was on the bus which broke down. The Wi-Fi is extremely slow. I will NEVER ride megabus again. There are many other bus options.', 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "Only ride this bus service if you need to get back to and forth from NYC desperately. I only book megabus when I have absolutely no other choice. The buses are old and smelly. There's no organization and the buses are late 90% of the time. Very rarely do I get on the bus and leave on time. Use other options such as vamoose, tripper and bolt bus.", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "UPDATE: despite the fact that this bus will be 45 minutes late, \xa0the driver stopped at a rest stop when we're 40 minutes outside of NYC to switch drivers. Said it'll take less than 5 minutes. \xa0 That was 5 minutes ago. I travel NYC to D.C. \xa0Every two weeks and this has got to be the worst bus service I've taken. \xa0To be fair, it's my first time taking megabus. \xa0Pros: \xa0there's literally a total of 8 people on the bus and it left right on time. \xa0Everyone can pick a row to stretch out in. \xa0Cons: \xa0there's no AC but blowing foul smelling room temperature air. The bus is SLOW. \xa0Literally the slowest bus I've ever been on which is ridiculous considering there's NO traffic or cars in front of us. \xa0 he's doing 48mph on the highway!Wifi can't load anythingOutlets don't work.Their employees at the stations are rude as hell.I only tried megabus since you can reserve seats which was pointless as people sit in your reserved seats anyway so you have to ask them to move. \xa0While a double decker top front row seat is nice, it's not nice enough to overlook everything that's wrong with it.", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "If I'd read any of the Yelp reviews first, I might've not have chosen Megabus as my way to get from NYC to D.C. \xa0But I'm glad I did. I left on a Wednesday at 10am. Anything later than that, and we'd run into trip-lengthening traffic as per a friend of mine experienced with that route. Our bus left on time, was quiet, clean, cool (a little TOO cold at times!), with power outlets for our phones and seats that reclined. We arrived at Union Station right on schedule. And all for $17 per person. An unbeatable cost. It's true that the waiting area is outside, so bring an umbrella if rain is a possibility. I'm sorry to read so many people have had negative experiences, but ours was flawless and made me wish I'd utilized it sooner to visit friends along the East Coast. Happy Trails!", 'stars': '5.0'}
{'review': 'The first time I rode Megabus it was pretty good. It was a short trip from NYC to CT. However this time, from NYC to DC, it was horrible. On the way back from DC there was a woman with a dog in her purse. To make matters worse, we were not on a double decker bus like we were on the way to DC. Our trip was completed by a company called Suburban. Long story short, I was forced to ride on the bus with the woman who had the dog in her bag when I am allergic to dogs. I called their customer service number and was hung up on several times. I recommend avoiding Megabus. Save your money and purchase a flight, train ticket, or even a Greyhound bus ticket.', 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "I use Megabus every time I need to get to Philadelphia. Most times I have travelled with them, we have left exactly on time. I suggest traveling when it is not rush hour when departing your city, or when arriving at your destination. The company can't really do anything about traffic. I give this company 3 stars because the customer service isn't stellar, although today everyone seemed friendly. I also wish that the lines were more organized during peak travel times, the employees made more announcements to keep the customers filled in, and it would be nice to have coverings over the lines (it always seems to be raining when I travel and hanging out in the rain is no fun). But honestly, you can't beat the price of Megabus. The price varies on how far your trip is and also what day or time it is. It seems to be cheapest to travel midday during the week. Anyway, I do recommend Megabus, at least for traveling NYC to Philadelphia. Much cheaper than Amtrak, and pretty easy to use.", 'stars': '3.0'}
{'review': "Megabus is lucky I gave them even 1 star. Everytime, literally...every...time, I take megabus there is a problem. I've finally had enough and will never take them again. First you arrive at 34th and 11th Ave to chaos and a bunch of people in lines going to different places but no one seems to know where each line goes. Then you get in a line that everyone says is going to the destination you're going only to find out that it's not and be told when you get to the bus to get back (AT THE END) of the correct line. Megabuses never actually show up / depart on time, so you're standing there watching the time of your departure go by as you continue to wait....then a bus finally appears and after another disorganized boarding process you make it on. But it doesn't end there...mid way through your trip your driver tells you he has to make an unexpected stop for some unexpected reason, which puts you EVEN MORE behind schedule...by the time you make it to your destination an hour or more late, you're left tired, stressed out, and your back is aching. And this happens EVERY time...never...EVER...again.", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': 'On Wed July 6, 2016 at approx 7:17 pm my daughter took a bus from Philadelphia, 30th st station to New York city. \xa0It was 100 degrees at that time. \xa0After she got on, and the bus left, it became evident that IT HAD NO AIR CONDITIONING!!!Imagine a 2 1/2 hour trip to NYC on a 100 degree night with no air. WHAT IS THIS? \xa0BAGDAHD?? \xa0It had to be 130 degrees on that bus. \xa0You people are the WORST!This is the second TERRIBLE trip a family member has had within 2 weeks. The first was on an Academy crappy bus, which you sold as your own, from nyc to Atlantic City. \xa0We will NEVVVVER \xa0use this shoddy third-rate, third -world, poor excuse for a bus company again!', 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "i tried so hard to give more stars but could not honestly do soUsed the company when i was younger and stopped after bad experiences.Thought I would give it a second chance when planning my weekend trip fron NYC to washington dcNothing changed. Still poor customer service, poor workers with attitudes, no functioning Wifi on the bus and bus delays.I wasn't suprised at all, just hoped it would have been somewhat betterStick to other bus companies", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "This was my first and last time I took megabus!! Outbound bus to Boston was half an hour late!! No apologies, no nothing! But the worst part came when we we going back from Boston. We just stopped somewhere in Bronx, in the end of our trip, when we were almost home, sick and tired sitting in that bus for 5 hours! The reason we stopped was we had to wait for another bus driver to come coz our driver can't drive for \xa0more than 10 hours! A new driver showed up after 40 min of wait!! 40 minutes!!!! You know what megabus?! Go love yourself! I'd rather stay with bolt bus. They have more respect for their customers!!", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': 'Took this as a last minute last resort from Boston to NYC and the bus driver just stopped the bus at around 10:20pm when we were scheduled to be in manhattan 10:40 to wait until "another driver came and finished driving" because the first driver was "no longer on the clock" to say this is ridiculous is the understatement of the year, the worst most unprofessionally staffed and run transportation company in the world! I would rather walk than use this company every again. Don\'t be fooled the frustration isn\'t worth any deal they would be offering!', 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "I booked a trip from NY to Fall River, MA, and then one on the way back. The New York locations were different for each trip, but that was fine. I was very hesitant and a little scared even because of all these horrible reviews... but it was a great experience.First off, my total was $52, $25 each way, plus a $2 service fee. Driving to Massachusetts and back would've been way more than $52. I saved not only money, but a ton of convenience. I didn't have to worry about driving, fall asleep, gas.I got to the stop, the bus left New York perfectly on time. I checked one duffle bag and had a backpack as a carry on. The outlets didn't work on the way to MA, but I have a portable charger so that was fine. Service was good, staff and drivers were all friendly. I got to my destination perfectly on time.On the way back, similar experience. Staff was friendly. The outlets worked this time. Left on time and actually arrived early.The buses are clean and relatively comfortable for a 5 hour trip. Would definitely take again and highly recommend!", 'stars': '4.0'}
{'review': "They don't even deserve a star .. worse experience ever .. staff are so rude and racist .. waiting lines are not organized and you end up coming early and be seated the last one .. delayed in my way to NY one hour and two hours when going back to D.C. ..", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "Every time I take MegaBus, I regret it. They load people from the sidewalk like cattle in pens. They rarely know where their buses are when they are late. They are always late. I'm standing wet and cold from a rainstorm on a cracked, broken sidewalk, after being told my bus would be an hour and a half late. This was the only news we'd received after an hour of idly standing in the rain. Choose any company--anyone--but MegaBus. It is not worth the small savings you'd get over a real bus company.", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': 'Never on time. Always late by a few hours, to start the journal. Let me not even talk about the arrival times. I would never take this again.', 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': 'Total disaster. The bus starts to move an hour later. Mess with line. The stuff is rude.', 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "I can't believe I'm writing a yelp review about megabus but my last couple of trips have compelled me to do so.Couple of things to get out of the way. Their wifi sucks/doesn't work. Their outlets almost never work. They are almost always delayed and late. They don't like making stops because they are almost always running late and when they do make stops you pay heavily, in terms of time, for it.Bus ran late every time I made the trip from NYC to Boston. 30-60 min late each time. They never stop at rest stops (I assume because they're behind schedule like crazy).On one particular trip back from Boston. I was on the 6:30 PM bus and we were making good time... Apparently so good that bus driver decides a 20 min food break is a good idea. This was around 9:30 and after the stop what happens? Road work. We were stuck in one road work for around 30 min and then hit another one for about 2 hours... TWO HOURS. If it wasn't for that stop, we most likely would have missed the first road work entirely and the second one would have lasted around 30 min. Since the trip took so long they had to replace the driver which took another 30 min.When we finally arrived at our NYC stop at 2 AM (3 hours after the estimated 11 PM arrival). The new driver had the nerve to joke about the trip being long. Oh but the fun didn't end there. The driver for some unknown reason opened up the luggage compartment and stood at the door of the luggage compartment for 10-15 min standing just completely dumbfounded why dozens of pissed of people stood by waiting for their things.The trip cost me $15 which, ironically, was the cost of my cab fair that I had to take in Queens \xa0after taking the 7 train since my local bus was running every other hour.I got home at 3:30 AM.When I emailed them a complaint. This is the response I got.Dear Sir.Madame,megabus.com strives to provide you with the best possible service, and whenyou feel that it fails to meet your expectations, it is important for us toknow. We apologize that you received service that prompted you to contactus with a complaint, and we regret any inconvenience or frustration thatyour experience has caused you. Please be advised rest stop breaks are atthe driver discretion and usually last anywhere 20-35 minutes.Thank you for using megabus.com we appreciate your business.Sincerely,[REDACTED]Megabus Customer Service SpecialistWhen I called their customer service up, they told me I should just email again.Thank you megabus for making it so easy for me to no longer use you guys ever again. There are so many options like bolt, greyhound, and chinatown buses in NYC, why should I even bother?I bet the chinatown that also left at 6:30 arrived on time... Probably cost less too.", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "Yes, $20 from Boston to NYC with AC, power and enough leg room. Everything looks good if Megabus can arrive on time. By saying arriving on time, I do not even take count of the delay of traffic, since it is inevitable between NYC and Boston during peak time. However, they usually don't. I've experienced several times that the bus was delayed due to driver exceeding legal limit of driving time. Last Friday, after 3 hours' driving, the driver stopped in a truck resting area and told us he cannot drive anymore due to the limit. He claimed another driver would be arrived in an hour but did not arrive until two and half hours later. Luckily, the driver eventually came and we arrived NYC around 2 am, which is supposed to be 11 pm.Even worse, the costumer service is not helpful during or after the incident. One passenger called the costumer service during waiting, but they had no clue of what's going on. I emailed them a day later and no response yet. No explanation, no apology, no refund.Those delays, of course, can be avoid by preparing more drivers and reducing every driver's driving hour to avoid reaching the limit. However, that will not be an option to Megabus, who is desperate to reduce their cost.Bottom line: time is precious. Megabus provides cheap tickets during off-peak time (like $3 ticket). However, it increases the risk of delay not only by traffic but also by their driver shifts. Is megabus a better option over others? It's your time; you value it.", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "From Boston to New York we sat at an outlet that wasn't working. From New York to back to Boston, they do a bait and switch and put us on some USA COACH bus with no outlets at all for a grand total of 8 hours with no phone charger. And going by their many complaints on yelp I'm surprised this thing is still running as a business", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': 'Megabus is a SCAM. We were on the road for from NYC to DC for 9 hours! \xa0AND had to take UBER in the middle of the trip. The driver stopped near Baltimore on the highway waiting for another driver to take over his shift. This was a 5 am bus on Saturday. By 2 pm, we were still on the road due to the heavy traffic caused by an accident. The driver then stopped the bus (although he could proceed driving) saying his driving hours for the day reached the limit of 15 hours and we have to wait for the bus behind to transfer over. No food, no water. We have been sitting in the middle of nowhere on a highway near Baltimore, still 2 hours away from DC. Customer service was AWFUL: lying and not cooperating, not telling exactly where the new driver was at and how long we need to wait. No management seems to be behind as well. No supervisors who could say at least for the driver to take an exit where we can get some water and food. We had to leave the bus and take an uber to drive another hour for $55. I wish I could give them -10 stars. They should not be in business the way they operate. To Megabus management: stop being greedy and hire more drivers so you have one extra driver inside the bus, not "behind that\'s coming soon."To potential passengers: avoid Megabus at all cost and take Amtrack or Greyhound instead.', 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': 'This bus has the worst customer service I have ever seen. Extremely disrespectful. Unreliable.', 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "Reading other reviews terrified me of my pending Megabus trip to Boston from NYC. \xa0At the end of the day it's a bus trip so my expectations were properly set. \xa0Both trips the bus was on time to the very minute. \xa0Upper deck window seats were fun. \xa0A couple inevitable central CT. traffic jams delayed our arrival about 15 minutes. \xa0All in all both legs of the trip were quite pleasant.", 'stars': '4.0'}
{'review': 'Here I am waiting at the bus stop in nyc with no sign of my bus to Amherst. We were supposed to board 30 min ago. No notifications whatsoever of when our bus should arrive. \xa0There is a line of us, standing in the freezing cold rain with no end in sight. Never again.', 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': 'Fuck mega bus and all the ppl who work for you guys I will never come back as a customer and I will be telling everyone how bad ur service is and also how you lie to customers about bus wait times and service workers who lie to you and make you miss your bus', 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': 'Missed our bus even though we reached the pick up point on time, waited 2 hours to get on the next bus on standby tickets. There were no seats left on that bus, so we decided to buy full priced tickets for the next one, 3.5 hours after our first bus (which we were on time for). Overall bad experience, and the bus that we did eventually get on had something wrong with the aircon, i was literally sweating in my seat for 5 hours, with little to no leg room. Will not recommend.', 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "I'm guessing most people only bother to write when something bad happens. \xa0So I'll try balancing it out. \xa0I was kinda fearful before trying it having read those horrendous reviews of delays and filth. \xa0But the train was getting too expensive for repeated trips to philly so I tried the bus. \xa0I booked online the night before, and I spent the extra $1 per seat for reserved seats at the front upstairs, which are leather (or vinyl or whatever) and not the stained things I read about. \xa0And the bus left on time in both directions. \xa0The staff were fine, nothing broke down, nothing stunk, everything just worked.", 'stars': '5.0'}
{'review': "I was on the bus that departed from South Station in Boston at 10:30am and was supposed to arrive in NYC at 315pm. From the start after leaving the driver stated that we would be arriving at 3:30-4:00pm. Which I understand that occasionally there is traffic that may cause a delay. Although we didn't arrive in NYC until 6:15pm. 8 hours after the bus departed. For a trip that should've taken 4 hours max. That was not the only issue me and my husband Stephen encountered. The bus had broken air conditioning which made the bus get extremely hot and I was drenched in sweat by the time we arrived as was most everyone on the bus. I missed my dinner plans and missed out on the day I had planned in the city as everything was closing down when we arrived. The bus driver seemed very incompetent and continued to drive under low clearance signs where it was one of the double decker buses. On one occasion he had to slam on the brakes and lower the air suspension on the bus to fit under a bridge which clearly was marked low clearance well before he approached the bridge.After sitting in traffic for hours to get onto the George Washington bridge, he got off drove into New Jersey to take the Lincoln tunnel which clearly delayed our trip even more.As a result, I cannot rely on mega bus for my trip home this coming Sunday 4/24/16 to be on time and was forced to buy tickets on a train which I can rely on.", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "I recently got a job in NYC which requires commuting from Philly. Need to be at work by 7pm. Bought tickets for 3:05pm bus. Bus has consistently pulled in to NYC 25-30 minutes late. This had made me late EVERYDAY that I am scheduled to work. The bus leaves on time from Philly, but can't make it to NYC by 5:35pm \xa0Stop advertising that as an arrival time. I'm going to try another bus company", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "The only good thing about Megabus over Bolt bus is that it stops at a more convenient location in NYC - 27 on 7th. I have a negative review mostly due to overall experience. I must say, that the drivers and attendants at pick up locations are courteous, polite and do a good job assisting passengers. However. Something must be done about directing passengers on how to respect each other. What I love about Bolt bus and what is lacking with Megabus company is just that - they care about the riding experience of their passengers more. The driver on the Bolt bus will always remind that passengers be respectful, minimize the noise and try help create a comfort ride for the everyone on the bus. On Megabus - NO. People watch videos on their devices with no headphones. Yes, no headphones. They just put on whatever they are watching for everyone around them to enjoy. People, traveling together have conversations for whole four hours so audible, you can hear them through your own headphones. People talking on their phones for long time. It would really help, if the company made it a point to quiet down the riders and remind them that it's a shared space. Oh, and the WiFi- please, don't advertise it, it never ever works. Just remove it from your ads altogether, that is disrespectful.", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "I hate Megabus but I have no other choice but to use it. \xa0(The other bus companies are just as bad).Here's what you should know before buying a ticket for a bus at the 34th Street stop:1- You will wait in the broiling heat ( or the pouring rain) because there is no shelter whatsoever;2- You will have to contend with chaotic crowding as Megabus staff do not bother to monitor the lines and the many people who take advantage by cutting in line.3 - You will be forced to inhale the smell of burning meat from the awful food vendor at the bus stop.4- The bus will often be late with no explanation. \xa0Mine was 45 minutes late the other sweltering summer day.5- The Wifi almost never functions.6- The outlets often do not work7- Just when you happily think no one will take the seat next to you, a large woman with a huge backside suddenly appears at the \xa0very last minute.", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "The negative Yelpers need to buck up. Sure, Megabus not a private limo service. But you're paying $20-something for a five hour drive across several states with wifi, outlets, a functional toilet, and working air con. You get what you pay for-- and then some. That's a steal to me.Yeah, yeah, the attendants could be nicer, but honestly? They're getting paid minimally to stand in the hot sun or freezing rain to squint at darkened iPhone screens for hours. If I were them, I wouldn't be the prettiest sunflower in the field, either. So if you're complaining, count your savings and tough it out.", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "So I got a round trip ticket from Philly to NY for 7 dollars people!!! That is crazy cheap. I had to spend an extra $5 dollars because I got to the stop early and wanted to come back early. For what I paid this is a really great deal. The Megabus employees seem to not really be happy with their jobs. I was asking questions and they were not very nice. I saw one of them yell at another person.It is hot outside and people are hard to deal with but it wouldn't hurt to have a better attitude espcially when people are trying to be nice.", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "Ignore 95% of reviews for megabus. It's all based in negative experience but it doesn't show what megabus is. Like any other bus company it has good and bad things and I noticed that people prefer to rage and write more about their terrible experience. My experience was good.I took a bus from NYC to Newark,DE. The boarding was fine and the bus left NYC 15 mins late (not a big deal, but some people think that long distance busses must depart right on time, it rarely happens). Everything was fine. Outlets only work when the bus starts moving so you might see it's not working because it was turned off by the driver, be patient and wait. Outlets work! The bus was clean and most people were sleeping. The driver was friendly.I didn't have any problems during my trip back to NYC, boarding was quick and easy with zoomed in copy of your receipt that you show to the driver. Arrived to New York about 20 mins late but again, not a big deal. Every bus company has terrible customer service but your experience most likely will be positive.You can't write negative reviews because of the weather conditions or location. Yes standing in the rain sucks but we can't control it. I was waiting in my line for 40 mins and it was windy, not the best experience but I survived. Just check weather forecast and bring umbrella because lines are getting bigger right 30 mins before departure time (that's where most people come). Follow city signs and talk to people. Someone will help you.", 'stars': '4.0'}
{'review': 'It\'s Sunday 2/17 9:30am and the temps on the bus are in the 70s and dry! Drivers willingness to adjust temperature 3 hours into our miserably dry/hot trip to DC didn\'t prove true. \xa0A call to headquarters yielded a monotoned rep reciting their "pledge to customer service and thank you for your call" The temps outside are warm and megabus presets the AC? They got it wrong!', 'stars': '4.0'}
{'review': 'I travel to both DC and Boston a good amount in the last few years. Megabus is an absolute last resort along with the Chinatown bus. Usually when I\'m stuck taking them it\'s because their buses run later than most other carriers. And they have more available busses which is why I give them as high as 2 stars. Also because the staff is friendly and hard-working. Amtrak would be my first choice but is now the price of a plane ticket. A not-so-close second would be Boltbus since it\'s clean and comfortable. Here are the problems I\'ve run into with Megabus over the years:1. Once on a trip back from DC I was bitten by bedbugs and had welts going up my arm for a week. I did report the incident to the corporate office. I should have been reimbursed for the ticket and expensive coat I was wearing that needed to be thrown out afterwards. 2. On another trip back from DC a patron came up to me and whispered to me "how hot it would be if I went into the bathroom with him and f#*ked him" Sick. 3. While we are on the subject of bathrooms the bathroom on Megabus always stinks up the entire bus. My last trip back from Boston I spent 2-3 hours trying not to throw up because I was sitting on the lower level and would catch a whiff of it every time someone would open the door. And it\'s not just the usual smell of what goes on in the bathroom. It\'s some chemical they are using in there. And it\'s so bad that even my suitcase which was in the luggage hold stinks like bathroom.', 'stars': '5.0'}
{'review': "If I could give them negative stars I would. I got to the station at 3:45 for a 4:00 bus and stood there waiting. At 4:30 it hadn't showed so I call and they said they can't track the bus until it's 45 minutes late. At 4:45 another person waiting called and they claimed the bus got there at 4:05 and left. Apparently all five of us missed a giant double decker bus rolling by....Not only am I out $30 for my ticket but had to spend an additional $50 to get a last minute ticket on another bus. Their customer service is horrible and rude, they blatantly lie and have zero regard for their customers. I'm not asking for much but when I buy a ticket I do expect the bus to actually show up. I've learned my lesson and will go out of my way to make sure no one else I know takes megabus.", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': 'Megabus is terrible!!!! It\'s like flying Spirit Airlines, but on wheels. The customer service is awful! I called three times because my bus did not arrive. Two times they told me to just sit and wait for the bus to arrive because the bus could be late due to traffic. I called a third time and asked the representative if there was another location that I am not seeing because I may be in the wrong area. She told me to stay there and wait. Three times I was told to stay and wait. Well, I was leaving from Baltimore which is from White Marsh Mall. Low and behold, there are two areas. One at the mall for Delaware, Philly, etc, and one at a parking area behind the IKEA. Needless to say, I was going to NYC and I was at the stop by the mall. I missed my bus. Waited four hours for the next bus and had to pay an additional $5 per person to "transfer" my tickets. Wow!!! What a rip off!!!!!!! On top of that, my tickets were SUPER expensive. I would\'ve been better off riding Coach, which I hate! At least Coach would have been cheaper! Oh, and the bathroom was disgusting. Puddles of urine on the floor. It was disgusting!!! Never again...unless I\'m desperate! I would\'ve been better off driving there!', 'stars': '2.0'}
{'review': 'Megabus. \xa0We have never taken this bef and we were concerned bec we have two children. \xa0 We wanted to make a road trip of sorts w games and books. \xa0There was no cause for concern tho. the staff was actually helpful and \xa0polite. \xa0 At first I was confused where to go, which resulted to getting on a long line but when I was directed to see this "tall guy" he helped us. Reassured us we would get on. \xa0There were orange ticket he was given out. \xa0THATS KEY. \xa0Once he made a count, he gave our tix and we were the first on the bus. \xa0 I wish I had taken his name. \xa0Even when he got on the bus to check on number of seats left , he was polite to all. Apologizing if there were any misunderstanding. This guys should run this and every airline. \xa0I\'m also polite so I get what I put out but I don\'t take any nonsense so I speak up. \xa0This guy\'s great skill is how he reassures people and calms them down. \xa0No attitude from him. \xa0 That\'s what made me calm down. \xa0 I give 4 stars mainly bec of this guy and the rest of the staff.', 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': 'The bus driver came an hour late.... left us standing in the cold waiting for him for an hour... shortly after starting on our way, the bus driver pulled over to the side of the road and refused to drive the bus anymore. he turned off the lights and turned off the engine and left a bus full of people waiting ... we waited for 45 minutes for another driver to come... AGAIN the driver pulled over. Its 11 PM, we are hours from our destination... this is the worst trip I have ever taken.', 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "I'm a fan. I love the free WIFI and chargers for my phone and restrooms (always clean). I was able to purchase online and go.... I can get it anytime of the day!I've never had an issue with the WIFI not working. I've never had an issue with the outlets not working JUST to keep in mind. Reliable and the time has always been on time or ideal if you are making an interview, meeting up for a dinner or something. I travelingI never had a problem with getting the seat I want. I have been early, late, and really on time. The lines are a little weird, but just ask people. Most people are friendly and nice. We are going on vacation who wouldn't be.I'm not going to lie. I have had some weirdo's on the bus, but I keep to myself and ensure all my belongs are locked and safe, and I don't keep anything personal out and about while I'm sleeping. \xa0I defiantly feel asleep and went to the restroom no problem. Just keep in mind NO personal items should be out or showing. I saw people leaving their ipods, ipads, and computers out, but I wouldn't just because I'm a little paranoid like that.Recommendation: I travel all around on these buses and I need someone to tell me how I find out where to board (cross streets NOT the center/station).I almost missed my bus with several other people who weren't from Philly one evening because I was walking around trying to find the boarding bus. I saw a few parked and started walking over in that direction to realize that wasn't correct. I even had a large bag with me and it was a little was a little insane. I even took public transportation and gave myself enough time. By the time I arrived at the location I was really hot and sweating and didn't feel comfortable.I was defiantly all twisted around. I even tried to look on my ticket and couldn't find it. I was defiantly at the location where to board, but didn't know where to get on the bus at. It was a big location.My thing to remember is to put the cross streets in my phone before I departure to my hotel. I think this might be a little helpful: add a link to the online purchases so we can map the location where to board. especially for first time people.On the printed tickets, just tell us the cross streets or show a little map where to board.Although I'm hoping this wont be an issue for the future.", 'stars': '4.0'}
{'review': "If I ever have to ride MegaBus again, it'll be too soon. \xa0Getting on the bus is incredibly stressful and I'm always worried if they will have a seat for me because they overbook. \xa0I take it from NYC and there are hundreds of people waiting in a huge parking lot or on the sidewalk. \xa0It's just awful. \xa0You need to arrive an hour early and pray you get a seat. \xa0If it's in the winter, that sucks even more because you're waiting outside for an hour. \xa0One star for the double decker buses they use, which are really fun. \xa0I like sitting in the top. \xa0I'd give half a star technically though because you're not guaranteed a double decker. \xa0Sometimes they have regular buses.", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "I booked a megaubus trip from NY- Philly because I had a good experience with megabus several years ago. It's such a great value. After booking I read the reviews hear and was soooo nervous about my travel plans. I must say, I was pleasantly surprised that both rides were on time, safe, and clean. Finding where to go can sometimes be vague, but well worth it. I'll still be a little nervous next time based on all these negative reviews, but wanted to share my experience! Safe travels!", 'stars': '4.0'}
{'review': "Disastrous. My 7 pm bus didn't leave until 8:45, and even then we only made it a few blocks. Here's how it went down:I arrived at 6:30 pm and already there was a massive line with folks from much earlier in the day pissed because their buses still hadn't arrived. One lady was hysterical, which was how we all felt.", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "I've been on a Megabus 3 times now, travelling between Boston, NYC, and Pittsburgh. Each time, the outlets AND wifi did not function. It's false advertising.", 'stars': '4.0'}
{'review': "Bus from DC to NYC. Estimated time to get from point A to point B (4 hours and 20 mins) technically I got back to the city 7 hours later. Departure from Union station was late 30 minutes but that wasn't the problem. We were almost in NYC when the bus driver told us we had to stop at the rest area to wait for the NEXT driver. I thought it was going to be a quick swap but we waited almost \xa02 hours for the next bus driver to arrive. It was a little ridiculous. Would I ride mega bus again? Probably since its very affordable. Spacious double decker bus. Although outlets do NOT work.", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "This bus service is absolutely awful! I made a mishap with my ticket and the attendant told me I had to buy another one or be left. She ended up letting the bus leave and telling me I had to take an 11 pm ticket. I got there at 330 in the morning! She was completely inconsiderate despite knowing that I had been traveling for a while. When I called customer service, they weren't much better and hung up on me when I asked for a credit voucher. \xa0I ended up riding with their competitor, Greyhound.... The attendant put me on a bus right away despite my ticket being scheduled for much later. The bus was amazing, clean, and I was able to get some sleep. If you have to ride a bus, stick with Greyhound. Trying to save money with Megabus is a waste of time & a stress fest. Leave them alone!", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "This is a great bus service. I don't know why people have such negative things to say about it. My entire trip to Boston and back was 19 dollars. The bus was early, they checked my reservation number(make sure to bring!!) and then I just checked the sheet and the seats are numbered so I walked over to my seat. I had both seats given that no one was sitting next to me! Everyone is super young like 20 year olds and college students, I saw no kids and the guys running the bus were good about directing and helping with bag loading. I would really recommend this service. I think most of the negativity has to do with situational and personal desires rather than the actual service of the bus, but then again everyone is different! Please ride this!", 'stars': '4.0'}
{'review': 'Providence to NYC was Ok no wifi and no power. Bus late by about 30 minutes and Driver could not find most people reservations. Eventually we got to sit. Wasted efforts and time waiting in line, because of lousy mega bus software.NYC to Providence was 15 late and experience was horrible because from 11:45 - almost 5 pm no air conditioning on the upper deck. Most people sat on the upper deck. Tip sit in lower deck, to avoid suffocation. Three people in the family, cars are cheaper.', 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "Terrible! Make sure you are there 30 minutes earlier or they would sell your seats, Don't pay extra to reserved the seats because everyone seats wherever they want, I was there 10 minutes before and my seats were taken so I had to take the next bus and I had to pay $5 extra, I called to complain and of course nobody cares. There's no room at all , seats are very small, No Wifi in the entire trip to D.C. , Ac was not working properly, I was hot The Whole time, driver was nice and bus left on time.", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "We waited 2 hours and 45 minutes past our pick up time for our bus to arrive. There was no shade, restrooms or shelter from the 90° blazing sun. We received an email 1 1/2 hours into our wait telling us the bus would arrive in 90-120 minutes and to stay at the bus stop. The street staff of megabus offered no explanation and were very rude to customers. \xa0The driver was nice and didn't waste a moment trying to get us back closer to the original drop off time...somehow he made up an hour and a half of lost time driving (speeding I assume...maybe) After calling and complaining they offered a refund for our return trip.", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "Dear megabus, why can't I connect to the internet? Do you have false advertising about your wifi? How about saying free outlets only. Your wifi is a joke.", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "Not sure why the rating is so low. It's not a bad bus, and it's super cheap! I went from Boston to NYC for $6 (including fees), and although it wasn't the most comfortable bus, it got the job done. There is (very weak) Wifi on board and not a lot of leg room, but that's sort of what's expected from buses.", 'stars': '3.0'}
{'review': 'BOSTON to NYCNo wifi, No power, too much A/C and late as usualHave to wait 30mns in the Bronx for the Second driver. We arrived almost 2 hours late and No excuses Worst Company Ever', 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "Definitely not first class transportation, but they're dirt cheap.... what are you guys expecting?The WiFi only works half the time, the power outlets usually work, and the bathrooms are generally as clean as you'd expect them to be. They are almost always late, usually 10-25 minutes late on departure and 20-40 minutes late on arrival, but adding at least an extra half hour to your arrival time and planning on that number instead should work.Just make sure to bring a travel pillow (the kind that wraps around your neck!) and some food and water. Also, an umbrella for some protection from the elements while you're waiting outside for the bus. You'll thank me later.Also, if you get carsick (like me) or are on a particularly long trip (like the folks travelling from NYC to Toronto, bless their souls), it is totally worth it to pay the extra $7 for a seat on the very front of the top floor.OH, and also, when you're ordering your tickets, do NOT select the option for text alerts. They charge you extra for them and never text you anything besides your reservation number, which you'll get in your email regardless.", 'stars': '4.0'}
{'review': 'I am writing this review to remind myself to never again take megabus. I am currently writing this review from within the megabus. I feel nauseous and I cannot use the bathroom because it is literally a bucket with blue liquid inside and therefore not accommodating to women or any person that may need to sit down. Megabus is perpetually late, it was freezing outside and they made all the passengers wait outside with the wind howling for an hour. I lost all feeling in my hands and feet. The bus is way slow, expect to be 2-3 hours late no matter what destination. The driving is absolutely nauseating, so be prepared to be car sick for most of the journey. NEVER AGAIN!', 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "I've taken a round trip Megabus from NYC to Vermont twice. I think it was about an 8 hour trip each way. I settled in to read my book and It was a pretty comfortable ride. The wifi worked and there were places to plug in my phone at my seat. The bus dropped off people about 4 hours into the trip at a mall and we had a 15 break. We could get off the bus and pick up snacks or use the bathroom at the mall. There is a bathroom on board the bus as well. My mother also took the Megabus a couple of times and she had no problems as well.", 'stars': '4.0'}
{'review': "This was the first time I took a Megabus. I booked a roundtrip ticket from Manhattan to Washington, D.C. about a week before the date of the trip and was able to score a fare that totalled $27!With a double-decker bus, cheap tickets, wifi, and outlets, what's not to love?The bus departing Manhattan was scheduled to leave at 6am. I made it 15 minutes before then and had no problem finding the correct bus. The driver was outside the door, greeting customers (albeit in a not-so-caring manner), and we took off exactly at 6am. I was able to get a window seat and the seat next to me for my backpack and coat. I did not check the condition of the wifi since I was soundly asleep for most of the ride, but I did note that the outlet provided was not working. We arrived in Washington D.C. about ten minutes later than scheduled, but there were no random stops made that other yelpers experienced.The bus departing Washington, D.C. was different, haha. The bus left promptly at 6pm, the outlet worked just fine, the wifi .. not so much. It didn't matter to me, once again, as I slept the whole way. Or at least TRIED to. THIS bus was BUMPY as hell. A lot of people tried to sleep on this trip and kept getting woken up by the jerky bumps along the way. Nothing compared to the smooth ride previously! Not sure what the heck is up with it, but it definitely made the ride slightly uncomfortable, if not in a hilarous wtf way. We ended up being about 40 minutes late to Manhattan but I don't blame anyone as there were some traffic on the way.Overall, I did not experience a lot of the negative things that others have commented on. I don't know if I just got luck or what. But I would definitely take Megabus again!", 'stars': '4.0'}
{'review': 'After reading all of the reviews on megabus, I was a bit hesitant on riding with them. I rode with them on a Saturday morning. My bus was scheduled to leave at 9:30, and it left at 9:30!! The bus driver and ticket attendant were both friendly and funny, the bus was clean, and the ride was smooth. I had to switch buses in D.C since I was heading to Durham, NC. The second bus left on time as well and we even got to Richmond, VA about 25 minutes before schedule! I was supposed to reach my destination, Durham, NC at 10:00 pm. We pulled up to the bus station at around 9:45. I am happy to say that I had a great experience on mega bus and I have no complaints at all.', 'stars': '5.0'}
{'review': 'They are the worst company, do not I REPEAT do not buy tickets from this company. They are nothing but scammers I had the worst experience with them. Customer service people are no help, their drivers are very rude I had to call the cops on one because he would not allow me to get on the bus he left me stranded where I was unable to get home. I had to pay extra money to take amtrack which btw they ate no connected with them at all, They do not refund money back.', 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "My experience with Megabus has largely been one of amiability. I show up on time, the bus leaves on time. I mind my business, the person next to me minds themselves. And so, I continue to use Megabus for random jaunts to Boston, DC and Philadelphia. So why just three stars then? Because of two big issues that corporate should hastily resolve: 1) The internet is ALWAYS shoddy. WiFi was the main reason I was converted from a lifetime of Chinatown buses. However, I have yet to take one trip with Megabus where I had a consistent internet connection. And I'm not trying to stream movies here. On my last trip, I had a lot of work to catch up on and wanted to get it out of the way before arriving in DC for a jam-packed weekend. Ultimately, I had so much trouble sending emails from my laptop that I used my phone the whole time. This significantly limited my productivity and I ended up having to do work when I arrived at my hotel. Not good.2) Half of the outlets don't work or have loose sockets. I wish I videotaped my laptop cord falling time and time again to the floor since it never seemed to stay affixed to the outlet. Same for my phone charger. This was beyond frustrating. I ended up at my destination with a dead laptop and almost dead phone. Not good.It's a reasonable request for Megabus to work on improving connectivity and electrical maintenance on their buses, particularly if this is something they market as a competitive advantage. Other than this, Megabus is just fine. Their vehicles are clean, you can pay an extra $1 to pick your seat, drivers communicate with passengers and my items have never been stolen. Drop off points are usually convenient.", 'stars': '3.0'}
{'review': 'I, like many others, enjoy a nice road trip but when a 4hour trip ends up taking 6hours b/c the driver is pissed off at headquarters \xa0(for who knows what reason,we actually heard her complain about it ) or they take the scenic route through Manhattan for what should have been 20-25min. from the Bronx turned into an unnecessary extra hr. \xa0Boston is a nice place to visit and return home from but I will no longer take Megabus. This company has let me down more than once and I will no longer support them when they have no respect for my time.', 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': 'If I could give them 0 stars, I would. I have been a customer since 2009 and I can promise you that this bus service is not worth the penny. After one year of service, still until this day, whether you choose to take a 6am bus, 11am bus, or even 8pm bus - forget about getting anywhere on time. You\'re either hit with the bus coming late or the bus arriving late - not 10 to 30minutes late but a consistent 1.5HR to 2HR late trip, and this is my experience for the last unfortunate 10-15 trips to and back. Bus drivers will apparently "run out of driving time" and will be forced to pull over for what can be another 1 to 2 hour wait because they have to "wait for a new driver to come and take over. "Bus drivers will pull over to a fast food location midway through the trip and tell you we\'ll stop for 10 minutes when in actuality it\'s for another 30 minutes. Bus drivers will pull over to a random location midway through the trip to "switch shifts" with another driver because apparently their "shift is over. " Everything is done halfway through the trip, every single time. It does not ever fail. They\'ve changed their refund policy. You have a complaint about your trip? Get over it because they don\'t care about giving you your money back. Need to change a trip date? Good luck with having to pay an additional $7 on top of the credit you don\'t get back - it used to be $2 to change any trip, anytime. (If you paid $23 for a ticket and found a $6 ticket for a different date, you don\'t get your $17 back, but you can get your $6 out of that "credit" and pay an additional $7 to reserve your seat. )The only reason I take their service is because of the convenient location they drop us off at and that is my Only satisfaction with this company. The fact that this company has so many reviews and it is at 2 stars, I\'m surprised they aren\'t forced to shut down yet.', 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': 'I usually travel from megabus but this trip on may 5th from New York to Boston has changed everything. Our bus was 30 minutes late. We were drenched in rain. All the passengers were drenched. They wouldn\'t let us board even though they saw we were in the rain. After boarding and leaving an hour late we stopped after an hour to "change" drivers which makes little sense to me. We were now an hour and a half late. Passengers wanted to step off and get new clothes from their luggage but were not allowed to. The driver was too lazy to open the bin and would rather have us be sick (I am sick now). The driver was also super rude!', 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "The mega bus is okay for traveling. \xa0Cons: \xa0They have cloths seats, that have stains and smells bad.They don't have a plug to charge your phone.The drivers don't tell you anything.The bathrooms are disgusting and smell horrible.The do not always leave on time.They need to clean and refresh the bus. \xa0It always smells like cigarette and funk.I don't think they clean the buses at all.Ill stick to Peter Pan.Pros: A bus leaves almost every hour.The customer service number really works.", 'stars': '2.0'}
{'review': "I'm disappointed with my experience with megabus from NYC to DC. I have taken it before in TX and was content. But today, the 2pm bus left at 2:21pm. Then at the Baltimore stop, the driver says she'll be switching drivers so waited for about 15 minutes. Then they said that the driver would meet us in Laurel. We waited in Laurel for another 20 minutes at least. The new driver shows up and we are now total 5 hours 20 min and we are still not there yet (estimated 30 min left). I expected to be late with traffic, but not this.", 'stars': '2.0'}
{'review': 'Horrific customer service! Young disrespectful punks running the lines. Company is a rip off! Will never give them my business again! Spoil yourself and take Amtrak instead!! Does not even deserve one star...they are notoriously late giving no compensation or legit reason yet when you are 3 mins late they give your seat away and force you to pay a fee to switch to another time.', 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "I've ridden Megabus one too many times just because it was dirt cheap. Not worth it, not worth it, not worth it.Once, I booked a bus that was scheduled to leave NYC (to go to Philly) at 5:50 or so. It left at 7.So I booked a bus that was scheduled to leave at 6:20 instead, figuring the last time could just be chalked up to rush hour traffic. That bus left at 8. The fact that it was raining the whole time-- and quite chilly-- didn't help.(Yes, I did the same thing a third time, for a post-7pm departure or something. Yes, I regret it. It, too, left late.)The kicker? Each time, there were buses parked at the stop, with employees sitting in them. No infrastructure present to cycle out buses when there are delays? You /have/ to just stick to whichever bus is scheduled to be the one that drives people? That's the only way you can manage it?I'm going to end up booking one of the Port Authority buses at this rate because at least I won't have to stand out in the cold...", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': 'Bus was actually in time and loaded. Since then, we have been sitting at a stand still for the last half an hour. Why? Because the driver forgot her drivers license..... Get it together Megabus!', 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "No problems here. I understand that others have suffered with megabus. Our bus was on time both ways. Boarding is clunky but certainly better than an airplane! If you want comfort and schedule, pay double for a train ticket. The Bus is cheap and gets you there. No parking or traffic hassles. Yes sometimes late and that isn't fun", 'stars': '4.0'}
{'review': 'Thank you for placing the outlets on the ceiling and not under the seats..Very smart idea!!!..so the charger can easily fell and break your screen...Thanks again.Sincerely,A disappointed customer.', 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': 'I\'ve been a fan of \xa0Megabus previously. That is because i never interacted with the customer service dept,I only would buy a ticket and take a trip. HOWEVER, the moment i analyzed, did some researched, and had a few encounters with their customer service dept, I realized the true company they are.1st Experience:I called Megabus Customer Service about a bus ticket that I bought that needed to be changed. (back story) I purchase a bus ticket, but for the wrong date - Thursday instead on Friday - and realzied this the moment i pressed confirm on the payment; so i called in. I spoke with a representative whose goal wasn\'t to provide me with the help that i needed, but mainly, get to the next caller to finish their day. She told me, that there is a fee to change the ticket that i just bought 5mins prior (waiting on hold for 5min). I told her, I just made the mistake and its for the same time of day, just the wrong date, and that i JUST purchased this. She completely ignored the context of the situation and continued to rant about her inability to satisfy me as a customer. Then proceeded to get me off the phone by repeating "is there anything else i can help you with today sir" - really?2nd Experience:I called Megabus Customer service about a purchased - yet unused ticket - that i needed credit for to purchase another ticket. It was due to me being sick and just recovering. The first representative (didn\'t get his name) HUNG UP ON ME while i was explaining. Then I called back immediately and spoke to Osiris id#37037. He then told me that there is nothing he can do, repeating that "its past the date sir" without asking for a reason, asking for proof, or anything that would lend me to think that Megabus and its employees care about its customer and our satisfaction. He then HUNG UP ON ME.There will not be a 3rd experience. Why? Because MegaBus has lost me as a customer. I am a loyal customer to a lot of companies. The type of customer that would pay more money to you because of "Great customer service". But it seems that MegaBus does that value that, nor does it train it\' employees to exude or exemplify that; thus I declare that if you value customer service, boycott this so called MegaBus, because its apparently clear - they only care about their profit margins. * And no, I dont want to even start about their RUDE bus operators*Good Bye MegaBus', 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "Just returned back from Boston to NYC on Megabus - what a miserable ride and experience. Started off with the departure being delayed 40 min. When the bus finally arrived, why was there no one to check your tix to get on? Why did I even buy a ticket in the first place. When I finally got to my seat, there was no outlet or functional wifi even through they advertise it right on the bus and website. Fail.The ride also took 1.5 hours than expected. I think that's because a double decker bus has to go at a certain speed limit for safety regulations.I took the Boltbus to Boston which was a lot more pleasant experience and faster. If you decide to take the bus, avoid Megabus at all costs. But if you have no other option - prepare for the worst.", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "I booked the tickets to state college months ago, and the bus schedule was 2:30. The driver informed all the passengers that the bus was broken around 2:40, which was almost one hour after the bus parked there. We had to wait until another heading for the same destination. The driver should have made sure for that the vehicle was alright! \xa0It wasn't a pleasant experience so I gave one star.", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "Don't do it. Stood out in the rain for about an hour before the bus even arrived.", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': 'If I could give a 0 I would. Megabus is TERRIBLE! Go any other route besides this. Their customer service is ridiculously unhelpful and literally just read lines off their terms and services when asked questions. Again, go any other route possible other than Megabus.', 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': 'Dear Megabus,This is a case study I wrote for you. I attempted to use your Megabus service to attend my dear friend Sarah\'s Halloween wedding in King of Prussia, Pennsylvania, home to the second largest shopping mall in America. I missed my Megabus due to my lack of NYC experience (just moved from SF) and then because I wanted to have lunch with my cousin and we got distracted by Snapchat. Then I wanted to get to Philly on the next bus. As I walked to the correct intersection, I called the 877 number to change my ticket or book another (nonrefundable) ticket. I was connected quickly and told:"Sir, the ticket is nonrefundable. You cannot buy a ticket less than 6 hours before its departure." I had purchased a ticket an hour earlier, so this contradicted my experience of reality. I felt no symptoms of mania nor delusion and I had the ticket email confirmation. This will sound silly but I admire in contracts as a source and mechanism of economic and social value. I had actually purchased two tickets for my previous two bookings. I figured I might get at least one refunded or counted towards a new ticket, even if one was nonrefundable. It was silly but I would have paid for the third. At the bargain price of $15 I just wanted to get to the wedding and I was willing to eat the cost. [Falling for the sunk cost fallacy is for chumps, and we both share a sense of being business minded.]Within two minutes the 877 call was over. Based on what I was told in no uncertain terms, it appeared that Megabus did not have the ability to serve me today. To recap: You had gotten two fares for me, I was willing to agree to our contract that the fares were nonrefundable, but your representative refused to sell me a ticket or tell me how I could solve the problem. I proceeded to the Megabus station anyway to try my luck. The station agent charged me $5 and put me on the next bus. He said my ticket was valid for the whole day. Ameen ("Amen" in Arabic, a common Muslim phrase)He asked if I had called the 877 number. He said this in a way that indicated disgust, amusement, and a certain notoriety. "Did you call the 877 number? Next time you want to call it, just stare at a wall. Just stare at a wall. They don\'t know WHAT they talking about!"I boarded the bus ten minutes later. The fact that I was not the first person to experience a total disconnect from reality and any sense of continuity in your service experience was ...mind blowing. It took me an embarrassingly long time to write this because I want to remember the experience as a lesson. It sounds like there are mismatched economic incentives between the station and headquarters and/or certain idiotic customer service policy decisions in play. I don\'t get it. But sort it out like adults and don\'t put this on us. Your negative \xa0five star worthy commitment is truly special; a commitment to preventable and needless customer service disaster. While writing this, I was given a refund for my ticket. However, I didn\'t really care about that and I expect that the dreaded 877 number will continue to create imaginary and deadly obstacles for amateurs attempting to use Megabus. When I start my next business or service, I will remember this case study.Thanks,Shahzad (@Shahzad on Twitter)', 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "TL;DR If you are relatively low maintenance and just want to get where you are going, Megabus is pretty fabulous!I frequently travel back and forth between Philadelphia and New York to visit family and friends, and Megabus is my go-to transportation. It's not glamorous but it's cheap, reasonably comfortable, and generally efficient. All buses include wifi and outlets, which is a huge plus. Staff keep the queue orderly and help load your bags (unlike rival, Bolt Bus, which utilizes no boarding procedure whatsoever and leaves you to load and unload your luggage. Last time I took Bolt Bus, I had to crawl into the storage space to retrieve my bag...). I've taken Megabus 20+ times and have experienced only a few (usually holiday-related) delays. The most I've ever had to pay for round-trip was $35. I've even made friends on Megabus rides. Thumbs up from me!", 'stars': '4.0'}
{'review': 'Took BOS to NYC bus and everything was on schedule but in the middle of the journey they switched driver and the driver who took over was late about 25 mins. On top of that, instead of going straight to NYC, he took GW bridge out to NJ and took Lincoln tunnel back into city. I put it in the google map and there was no accident or anything like that on the route straight to NYC. Why? Why?', 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': 'UNRELIABLE UNPROFESSIONAL UNRESPONSIVE MANAGEMENT. \xa0Stars only for the bus drivers who really tried to do their best on behalf of the passengers.I used this bus for the first time and the last time today from NYC to DC. My bus was scheduled to depart at 8:30pm on 6//26/16. However the bus did not arrive for passenger pickup until 9:30pm. \xa0All 5 of the Mega busses full with passengers that departed after 7:30pm from NYC are now at a rest station stop in Delaware - it is now 1:22am on 6/27/16. \xa0Apparently the bus drivers cannot complete their routes to Baltimore and DC because they have logged too many driving hours. So around 200 people and myself are stranded at this rest stations like refugees with no communication/explanation/apology \xa0given from the company. I understand from many of the other travelers that are stranded with me and from prior Yelp posts that there is always a lack of professional management with this company. \xa0You should seriously reconsider any thoughts of using this company. They reinforce the saying that you get what you pay for. For their cheap prices they deliver sub-standard services. I know that this will be my last time using this bus company. \xa0 \xa0I give my one star and sincere thanks to the bus drivers here with us who are trying their best to find a solution for this debacle.', 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "I purchased 4 tickets from New York, NY to Newark, DE for a total of $89.00 in December. We were 7 minutes late to the unmarked street where the buses load. I called Customer Service 15 minutes before departure time to see if the bus would be on time and to let them know we were in route and about 5 minutes away. We should have been on time, I get it, but we didn't anticipate it taking an hour to get 2.5 miles away in NY (being from the west coast). When we arrived, we were rudely told that the bus left and there were no other buses going to Newark. I called customer service again, and they said the only way for me to put the $89 towards another ticket, is to pay an additional $5 per ticket to get on the next bus that is going to that city if there is room. The problem with that is there were no other buses going to that city. So I had to purchase another round of tickets to another city and not get refunded or use the original $89 I already gave to Megabus. The fact that I couldn't use the $89 towards another bus ticket on the same day is bullshit. The representatives on the phone were not helpful nor were the people working at the site of the bus stop. Nothing is marked, there are no schedules posted, so its basically chaos. Not to mention a bus took off with a woman's baby on board. This was one of the most stressful and frustrating traveling issues I've ever dealt with. It was the holiday season, not one ounce of compassion, respect or sympathy was given by anyone working for this company. I will never do business with Megabus again and will make sure I tell everyone about my AWFUL experience. I'm down over $141 for 3 tickets that should have cost me $89.", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "If I could I would give no stars at all, I would. I will NEVER take this bus again. Every time I take this bus it is a disaster. It is never a pleasant experience. There's basically no point in purchasing tickets, because they do not accommodate you. Purchased my tickets months ago to NYC from Baltimore and when the bus arrived we were told we can not get on the bus because it Is full... What's the point of purchasing a ticket for a scheduled departure??? Very upset and this bus company will never see a dollar of mine...EVER AGAIN!!!! Change your business strategy.", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': 'This makes the Chinatown bus look organized. People were actually trying to fight each other lol ... It was a cherished memory I will not soon forget.', 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "I will NEVER in my life take Megabus again after the experience I had on the night of Sunday, February 12th. I will start off by saying I have been a frequent user of Megabus for over 6 years, and rarely experienced any issues. \xa0Up until yesterday, I would have given Megabus 4 out of 5 stars.I had a 5:00PM bus out of Boston, scheduled to arrive in NYC at 9:50PM. \xa0Boston was getting a snow storm so I did expect to get in late and had no issue with that due to the weather. \xa0The nightmare experience started when the driver did not load us on the bus until 5:30PM, even though he arrived at 4:30PM. \xa0When asked why the late start, a Megabus employee said the driver needed a break and just did not return until 5:30PM, with no warning. \xa0We left around 5:45PM, and were smooth sailing until about 8:00PM, where we hit a traffic patch due to an exit closure on the highway. \xa0We exited, and then pulled over on the side of the road. \xa010 minutes goes by, 20, then 30. \xa0No announcement or any news as to why we pulled over. \xa0Finally when we asked the driver, he said his hours were up and we had to wait for a new driver. \xa0He never once made an announcement and was VERY rude when asked why we were stopped.An hour goes by and he FINALLY makes an announcement to say our new driver would not be there for another 1-1.5 hours. \xa0Extremely unacceptable. \xa030 minutes later he announced the driver was 15 minutes away. \xa0Which thankfully did end up being true. \xa0Finally they switched drivers and had no issues coming back to NYC. \xa0We did not get back until 2:00AM. \xa0Still no clue why the driver needed to be changed.I received an email from Megabus at 2:45AM that we will be compensated and they are investigating why we were delayed and that I'd get a follow up email with compensation instructions. \xa0I never got the follow up email so I decided to call them Monday morning. \xa0When I called, I was told I would not be reimbursed, but rather get 50% of what I payed for my ticket as Megabus credit. \xa0That is absurd. \xa0I will NEVER take Megabus again so of course have no need for that credit. \xa0I spoke to a supervisor and she was no help, no sympathy at all and said she would hang up on me if I kept asking for a reimbursement. \xa0Needless to say I will never use this company again and I urge everyone else not to as well!", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': 'If I could give this horrible company negative 5 stars I would! \xa0My husband and I were supposed to catch the megabus to Atlantic City on the 30th but missed it due to traffic. We purchased a round trip ticket and not only could not be refunded or offered another bus to a.c. but could not use the service returning from a.c. due to not receiving the paper voucher which we would have received if we had gotten on the first bus. Horrible way to treat customers and my husband lost 70 dollars. I REPEAT DO NOT USE MEGABUS EVER IF AT ALL POSSIBLE. YOU WILL NOT BE REFUNDED OR COMPENSATED!!!', 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "This review is based purely on their customer service representative's lack of humanity. I wish I could give no stars on this posting. If you're in need of an embittered simpleton denying you of any assistance, call (877) 462-6342.I was not attempting to get a refund. All I wanted to do was trade in my reservations, without a fee, due to an unforeseen change of plans. This sordid wretch of a representative 1) refused to waive the fee, 2) repositioned herself so no one can hear her conversation, 3) refused me access to a manager when I asked to speak to one, then 4) hung up on me after I insisted to talk to someone above her. This sort of gutless stonewalling is why I'm going back to the Chinatown bus. Fuck these clowns.", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "I travelled in greyhound few times. This is terrible compared to greyhound. NY stop on the road under hot sun. No power outlet in the seat. Greyhound has power outlet. The bus driver did not start the AC before customers got on board. So it's real hot when waiting to move..greyhound leaves from 42 st station. There is no train to Megabus .. Either you walk 20 min with luggage or get a cab.", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "Megabus sent me an email on the date of the trip (from Reno, NV to San Francisco) informing me that the trip was cancelled because of snow. \xa0To keep from missing my flight in S.F., I paid someone to drive me to Sacramento where I caught Amtrak to S.F. \xa0There was absolutely no snow along the way and the drive was fine. \xa0They clearly cancelled the trip because they didn't have enough passengers. They are a sleazy outfit. \xa0I almost missed my flight because of them. I will inform as many people as I can about them.", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "Just like the Chinatown buses back in the day, I haven't had to deal with too much headache from Megabus. My trips have been smooth, the buses are on time, and the amenities are solid (and working). On occasion, I'm even able to score a good deal. It seems I'm in the minority.And it's very possible I've just been lucky. Sure, the WiFi is a bit spotty at times but it's a nice perk when it's working. I love the outlets available on most buses, along with the table to place your laptop / reading material on. It might get a little tight at times with the seating, but if the destination isn't a popular one (like DC / Philly / Boston), you might be able to prop your feet up and take a nap with no one in the way.My only beef would be with the drivers. I insist on storing my own luggage instead of letting the Megabus peeps handle it because they tend to be more rough. Most employees I've encountered aren't the most helpful or friendly, hence you'll find plenty of Megabus passengers wandering aimlessly at times, wondering where the stop is or just simply following the crowd (even to the wrong bus).From a price standpoint, it's a solid option and safety is never so much in question. II can say with confidence some folks feel more safe with Megabus than they ever did with any of the cheapo Chinatown buses. But if it came down to BoltBus vs MegaBus, I'd be boltin' for the former in a heartbeat.", 'stars': '3.0'}
{'review': 'Let me start off by saying I will NEVER travel by Mega Bus again. I can\'t help but think about the line in Planes, Trains and Automobiles where Del says to Neal "Have you traveled by bus before...your mood isn\'t going to change much" as Neal was already pretty agitated. Well my mood went from really happy, having enjoyed my trip to NYC to complete and utter frustration and anger. When I arrived at the bus stop I was stunned when I saw a line of people around the block. Customers had been waiting since 6pm when I arrived at 7:30pm for my own departure. Nobody seemed to know what was going on and the Mega Bus workers were unhelpful, unprofessional and did not make much effort to help with the uncertainty of the delayed situation. I didn\'t get home until well over midnight when I supposed to arrive at 10:30pm.After finally boarding, the bus was hot, no wi-fi as advertised and many power outlets were not working. The bus also smelled like urine, at least it did on the first level.Never again. Never again. Never...aaaaagain!', 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "Never again will I take Megabus! I was taking the bus from Washington, DC to NYC. I normally take Amtrak and before that, back in the day I would take Greyhound. I took Megabus as I needed a ticket for a Sunday and Amtrak was far too expensive.There were a number of issues:1. The bus left late2. The bus was freezing cold3. The customer service is awfulThe bus leaving late didn't have to be a problem as I was not in a rush, however when I called customer service and spoke on the issue they downplayed it by saying it was only 15 minutes. I then told them about the bus being freezing. Most of the passengers were cold and wrapped up in blankets. It was a very uncomfortable ride. Lastly, I explained these issues to the customer servicer representative who told me he would have someone else call me to speak on this matter. First off, why does someone else have to speak on this matter? Needless to say, it's been two weeks and I have yet to hear from anyone. I will never take Megabus again and when asked my friends, I will encourage them to take another bus service as well.", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "Online service did not allow a trade in owing to a technical glitch so I ended up having to forego my three tickets and buy a whole new set. \xa0On the bus I nearly got booted out because I accidentally occupied a reserved seat and when I got up to get an unreserved one there were none! One guy decided to take another bus. Thank god \xa0 Rude driver woman didn't help a bit. I knew if i responded even a bit she would toss me off the bus. Real DMV staff attitude \xa0The unreserved seat is right behind the driver and has maybe ten (seriously, 10) inches of legroom. Try that on a red eye bus to DC. Plus I got a guy with cheap headphones on as a co passenger. This means I get to hear high pitch sounds of gangster rap throughout \xa0my journey. Plus side is wifi and good temperature in bus. The pace of the bus is solid. Nothing like the freezing Vamoose buses. I will take the Amtrak next time or Washington Deluxe. If I need to I will make sure I get a guaranteed seating option.", 'stars': '2.0'}
{'review': "Been waiting an hour and a half in Phily on Market and 6th for the 3:40pm bus and still not here. Made two phone calls to the number megabus.com provided and two agents can't help. Spoke to a driver of another Megabus and he had no intentions of even looking at me. 5 of us waiting on the Phily streets. -- at Independence Hall.", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "Anyone who says this bus service is a good idea is trolling you, hates you, or has a gun to their head. It is cramped, the wifi doesn't work, and they leave incredibly late. I've ridden twice and I'll never be using them again. I really love giving good reviews but the lies they've fed me here are ridiculous. 2 stars is very generous.", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': 'This is the most disorganized, unprofessional bus company I have ever dealt with.I bought my bus ticket in advance and arrived early for my trip from NYC to Washington DC.While inquiring about where to wait, I learned:The bus was "running late". This means that by 10:10am the 9:30 departure bus had not yet arrived at the bus stop.I had to be in DC by 3pm, yet my bus :10:30 am was not even nearby . The line extended around the corner with 3 scheduled bus loads of people waiting for their bus.Meanwhile a big black cloud was overhead as well ready to rain down on all the waiting passengers.Realizing that I was going to be severely late (and drenched) I hurried over to the Amtrak station and had to buy a train ticket.Mega Bus \xa0seems like a good deal for transportation but it is clearly an example of "you get what you pay for"', 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "I think we were lucky enough to have a good experience. After reading all the negative reviews I was really nervous about taking the megabus. Our ride was perfectly fine we didn't really have any delays. I thought the seats were comfortable enough I'm not sure what people expect for paying so little. There were outlets under the seats and the leg room was fine. I would just bring a wipe of some sort for the window if you plan to lean on it.You can see smudges on it from whoever sat before you there and leaned on the window.", 'stars': '4.0'}
{'review': "Save yourself the hassle and skip this. There are frequently problems, other th an basic traffic. For example, the driver intentionally drove slow to avoid being early, without anticipating or planning for traffic at the tunnel. Then, the drop off location changed, by a lot! \xa0I've taken this bus before, and about half the time something like this happens. \xa0From now on, I'm sticking with early purchases on amtrak. My cab ride, necessitated by the change in drop off location, makes any savings on the bus worthless.", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "I rode the bus from NYC to CT and back. The bus to NY was over an hour late, which was rough, in the snow. However, once on the bus, it was smooth sailing. The driver did not notify us of the stop location, so I probably would have missed it if I hadn't had my Google Maps open, on my phone.On the ride back to NYC, my bus was punctual and the ride went well.The initial bus was supposedly late because of bad weather and traffic, so I can give them the benefit of the doubt. I ride the train all the time, in NYC, and the trains are delayed very often, so I am used to it. I am also used to a lack of customer service. However, I didn't ride the Mega Bus for great customer service! I rode it to get to and from a destination, and they got the job done!First bus had no outlets or wifi because it was not a Mega Bus. A different bus was sent. Second bus had both, as promised.", 'stars': '4.0'}
{'review': "I've used Megabus on two occasions while I was visiting NYC. Booking online was easy and showing confirmation and all that was straightforward. Both times, I traveled to Philly. Both times, the bus ride was smooth and on time. Make sure you sit next to an outlet that works if you're going to need it. Wi-fi is spotty, but it is a great perk when it does work.The 2nd time I used Megabus, there were a bunch of lines and buses in the area, so I got confused. Right away, one of the workers asked me what I was looking for and walked me to the right line. It's a convenient and cost-effective way to travel.", 'stars': '5.0'}
{'review': "At 3:50AM in Philly. Megabus left me stranded even though I have a confirmed ticket. The bus driver pulls up to the stop and tells us how there is only 1 space available on the bus even though we all have confirmed tickets. This was my first and last Megabus trip.1. Bought 2 round trip tickets (me plus 1) from Manhattan to Philly to see NCAA Tournament 2. Went to Philly on the bus, everything was okay3. Went to the bus stop and waited on the bus4. Bus arrives on time (3:50AM) but the driver tells us she has only 1 seat available. (roughly 6-7 waiting). \xa0Doesn't offer a solution other than call customer service and see what they can do for you. Customer service is closed until 6AM. Next bus was at 5:50AM so no hope for switching to that. Also wouldn't want to risk the same thing happening.5. Bus leaves and we buy expensive last minute Amtrak tickets to get home to Manhattan. 6. Called Megabus once I got in and asked for a refund. Not of the Amtrak tickets but of what I paid to Megabus. The rep says they can't but instead will have a manager call me. 7. Manager sends me an email with a voucher for half of the price I paid. Not a refund but a voucher for another trip. 8. I call back saying I want my money back as I will never use Megabus or Coach USA again. The vouchers mean nothing to me. The rep refuses says he has done all that can be done. Refuses to let me talk to a manager. 9. Waiting on the charge to clear to dispute the charge on my AMEX card. 10. Posting this video on social media as a service to my fellow man and since they failed to at least give me my money back for services not rendered youtube.com/watch?v=MUhm", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "DANGEROUS! DANGEROUS!The megabus to Boston (and probably Washington) does not stop between New York and the target city. This is, of course, extremely uncomfortable for the passengers... 4+ hours without a break... super stinky restroom... cramped legs etc. But the real danger is for the driver. Drivers go nearly 5 hours without a break. Just sitting and looking at the road. Who knows if they do more than one shift in a row? Driver fatigue is a (the?) major cause of fatal bus accidents. Driver's ed says take a break every 2 hours. 3 is stretching it. But almost 5 hours??? Awful.The bus is relatively clean, tickets are cheap, and the bus is pretty punctual. (That rates the second star.) But the wifi is awful. On the new buses, the electrical sockets are in the lower section only and they are ABOVE the seats, leading to plug fall out, and an awful time leaving window seats to pass under wires to get to the restroom. The seating space is worse than on an plane, with no tables unless you reserve one of the few seats with them! If the guy/gal in front of you is rude enough to lean back... you're finished! Forget that laptop, there's barely enough room for an iPhone.", 'stars': '2.0'}
{'review': "Here is the thing about Megabus. \xa0It's cheap and it will get you to where you need to go. \xa0If you don't have high expectations and go into a Megabus situation with an open mind you will be fine. It's not luxurious, wifi is not guaranteed, and your bus might not be on time. I paid $25 roundtrip from Cleveland to New York and it was worth every penny. \xa0If you have the time go for it!", 'stars': '4.0'}
{'review': '* Name of service: Megabus * Date of experience: August 4, 2015 - August 5, 2015 * Time of experience: 4:30 pm - 1:30 am * Pros: Cheap ticket prices (One way ticket from New York, NY to Washington D.C. - 2 x General Seating = $37.25 including booking fee and facilities fee) * Cons: Dirty faux blue leather seating and chipped laminate tables in the Reserve Seating Area $3.00+. The departing area on 34th and 11th and 12 ave was very disorganized. The first bus driver on M 21 - Washington D.C. from New York, NY (4:30 pm) - Bus #DD703 was extremely rude yelling at passengers to move out of the reserve seating mind you, no one paid for the reserve seating. Where were to sit? The floor? A Megabus attendant explained to the driver, my sister and I had to sit in the reserve seating due to the upper deck reaching full capacity. * Additional Info: The bus arrived on time (4:30 pm) Apparently, there was an accident involving a dump truck on the New Jersey turnpike in the morning. I assumed we were heading another route due to the accident. Three hours later still in New Jersey, \xa0the bus driver told all the passengers that we would be running late. As soon as we arrived at a rest stop the bus driver said "I\'m out of hours for the day, and we will be here for a hour." Something wasn\'t right?! Since when does bus transportation have one hour rest stops. Tripper? Nope! Vamoose? Nope! Bolt? Never! The drivers alternated. Am hour later, we were on the road still in New Jersey!!!! A few hours went by and the 2nd alternating bus driver told the passengers "We heading back to New York. The New Jersey Turnpike is closed." Numerous passengers checked online to see road closures, they were vocal in stating the obvious: NO ROAD CLOSURES! Kids were crying, adults were crying. The worst transportation experience ever! The driver also stated "Megabus has refund your ticket, will comp your next ticket, and reimburse you for your hotel stay." Three days later....... I\'m still waiting for my refund. They literally dropped us off at 34th and 11th and 12th Ave, right where we started. The only difference, it was 1:10 am. They told us again to contact the customer service hotline. But their hours end at 1:00 am?! Really?! What really frustrated me was the fact that Megabus lied to our faces and told us the New Jersey Turnpike was closed YET you are boarding passengers for a 1:30 am departure. We later booked two Amtrak tickets to Washington D.C. (Departed 4:40 am) * In conclusion, my first and last experience with Megabus was the absolute worst experience of my entire life. To see a bus service manipulate an car accident for greed and dropping off passengers where they departed seven hours later is completely unacceptable. I would advise anyone on a budget to book the bus services I listed above. Megabus is a joke and I wouldn\'t buy a ticket for my worst enemy. I will be riding the Amtrak from now on. Leave a comment to my review, and I will get back to you.', 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "Currently on a bus that is only 40min away from our destination, yet we've been waiting in a parking lot with no AC or wifi for 1.5 hours waiting for the drivers to swap places......", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "I took megabus last year from nyc to DC for the first time. For the previous years I've always taken boltbus but for this trip megabus was cheaper. Below are the reasons why I will never take megabus ever again:-inconvenient pickup location, all the way on the west side-crazy long and unorganized lines-unhelpful staff-tons of stops during ride (that were not listed when I bought the ticket)-left late-arrived lateDespite the many seat options (I get really bad motion sickness so even though I arrived 30+ min in advance I got one of the last 1st floor seats), free wifi, and some table seats...I would rather pay more and have a less chaotic experience", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': 'Never again. Never... Again.Arrived early by an hour. Waited outside in 90 degree weather. The bus was an hour late. A whole hour.Inside, the bus seats are horrible. Is your trip longer than three hours? Your bottom and/or legs will go numb. Is it hot? Don\'t sit on the top deck, because you get the kind of cooling you\'d expect from a passenger blowing air on you after chewing on a few ice cubes.I genuinely regret booking with them and would warn to steer clear of them. Hour late on every trip I took. In case you were wondering, nobody apologized. At all. No email. No call. No "I\'m sorry," by the driver. Thy acted as if wasting two hours of everyone\'s time was their business as usual. Disgusting.I repeat: I will never use them again. Waste of time and money.', 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': 'The megabus is always great. \xa0But the bus driver talks 2 got damn much.. I think his name was ..Tim Rowe..Sorry.. I didnt mean 2 throw him ...under the Bus..*( excuse the pun )***Just kidding..he was great and very informative. .#LONGLIVEMEGABUS', 'stars': '5.0'}
{'review': "I paid extra for a specific seat on my megabus but unfortunately, due to train traffic, I arrived two whole minutes after my bus and they had already given my seat away to someone who didn't pay extra. Now I have to wait for the next bus. Wouldn't you think a policy would allow for people who are running TWO minutes late to still get the seat they paid extra for? Beyond frustrating. There's low-cost bus companies and then there's Megabus who's just inconvenient for the sake of being so.", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': 'Rode for three round trips because I always got it cheapALWAYS LATE even when the buses are THERE ROGHT IN FRONT OF YOU-currently 15 minutes in on staring at my bus', 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "You get what you pay for. I really believe that the bus drivers and staff at the stops have the worse people skills. They have not one ounce of good customer service in them. They are rude and lazy. You ask a question and they answer it like you should know the answer. I don't work for your company, you do. \xa0So I don't know how things work, that's why I asked you. One guy at the NYC station gave everyone so many different instructions, we were all confused. He sat up against a car the entire time watching everyone be confused trying to figure out what line to stand in. But what do you expect for the price you paid. Good service? Obviously not...", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "Biggest piece of shit company i've ever had to deal with - how can you guys exist? They lost my suitcase with personal belongings while I was on the bus somehow...How the hell does that even happen?! They refused to help me out or let me file any sort of claim while I was just bawling my eyes out at the station -- I'm very convinced that one of the employees stole it.", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': 'I am extremely disappointed with Megabus. I have taken it in the past from NYC to DC, Chicago to Milwaukee, and Chicago to Iowa City and never had any bad experiences. My past trip this weekend from NYC to Saratoga Springs, however, was terrible. The outbound bus was supposed to arrive at 5:50 and didnt get there until 6:30 pm! There is no customer service number or anything to call about delays. When we get on the bus, the driver was incompetent and almost crashed multiple times! I think she was falling asleep behind the wheel because she started driving off the shoulder of the road. When making a stop in Albany, she went the wrong direction too. A passenger in the front of the bus had to scream at her to go the right way. She also stopped at a gas station for 25 minutes...on a bus that was already delayed! We were supposed to arrive in Saratoga at 9:50 pm and I kid you not- we got there at 11:35. The wifi on the bus doesnt work. Also, Megabus / coach added a random $17 charge to my credit card (in addition to the trip I had booked) and has been ignoring all of my calls and emails asking how I can get this removed. This is a shady business and I will never take megabus again.', 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "WOW. This company is HORRIFIC. What a HORRIBLE travel experience!! I feel so terrible writing this because the bus drivers were wonderful. So friendly and fun. But they deserve to work for a better company.It started when we were leaving for DC, and the bus showed up almost an hour late. When we arrived at the bus stop, the 5:00pm passengers hadn't gotten on yet. We were for 6:00pm. The bus loaded all passengers who were supposed to depart from 5:00pm to 6:30pm at 6:50!!!! We only got to our destination 10 minutes late atleast, can't say the same for those who were supposed to leave at 5:00. We're now on our way back. We left on time, 6:00pm. But at around 9:00, the bus got a flat tire. We were stopped and told we would be leaving in 45 minutes. Well, it's 11:00pm. We're still waiting. They haven't trained their bus drivers to change a flat tire. Wow. Stay as far away from this company as you possibly can. Spend the extra 10 dollars for a company that gets you from A to B in a timely fashion. Seriously.", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "Very Upset! \xa0Bus was late leaving New York 10:30 am on 8/16 \xa0and after going not even a half a mile the bus bride down. \xa0We cooked for about 2 hrs without an answer or if we were getting a new bus. \xa0When I called to see if I could move my reservation I was told I would have to pay. \xa0Unbelievable. \xa0Your bus broke down and or is your responsibility to uphold your agreement after I have paid for my ticket. \xa0Your customer service rep, shaquonda? Was rude and disrespectful telling us we weren't broken down long enough to change reservation. \xa0 I will post this in every social media outlet I have. \xa0This is the worst service I have ever seen.", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': 'I took this but to Boston so that I could attend a lecture being held at MIT. I took the 10: 10 bus which should have been sufficient to arrive in time for a 4 PM lecture. The bus did not arrive in Boston until 4: 30!!! I missed my lecture and I am very upset with this company. Take boltbus instead.', 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "+1 Star for the safe driving and taking the expected amount of time to reach the destination despite the snowy weather.+1 For the price. You can't beat $1 tickets even if you have to buy it in advance. With the reservation fee + a $1 upgrade, I paid a total of $6 round trip for tickets I bought 3 months earlier. You really can't top that for NYC - PHI.My past experience with Megabus has been decent generally but nothing to write home about. But I'm writing this review because of a bad experience I had recently and though I know it doesn't really affect the company at all, hopefully my experience will help other riders in the future.So the short version: DON'T TAKE MEGABUS WHEN IT'S SNOWINGLonger version: Unfortunately my departure date ended up to be the weekend when the East coast got pummeled by snow during the afternoon + night. I didn't have much experience riding in the snow, so I made sure to check on the Megabus website and bus status pages to see if there were any delays or cancellation. It appeared to be on schedule and there was no notice saying otherwise. So I get to the stop at 6:30 for a 7:00 departure. When I get there, I see a massive line of people and I ask what bus they are waiting for. There were still people who didn't get to leave for a 5:45 bus. Crap. I find a group of people waiting for the same bus as me and we can't find any Megabus employee. We had a line of around 50+ people and there was not a single employee there. Around 30 minutes later employees start showing up and people finally get onto buses. The average delay was around 30 minutes to 1 hour. When it was 7:45 they started loading whoever was there based on how early their departure was supposed to be, so mainly 6:30 and 7PM people got to go on. They had a handful of spots left for the 7PM people to get on the 7:45 and it was basically who rushed to the employee first from the line. Very disorganized and not the best idea. It also created conflicts on the bus. When I got onto my bus at 8PM, a man and a woman started to debate over the $5 extra front seat on the 2nd level. It was unfortunate because the man was originally on the 7PM and had that spot, while the woman was on the 7:30 and had that spot. The man sat there first, so eventually the woman conceded and sat in a different (cheaper) spot. So yeah, wasn't a great experience having us wait in 10 degree Fahreinheit weather for 1.5 hours because of bad planning/organization (at least send us an alert by email or actually use your bus status updates for those who take the initiative to check).It also sucked watching other bus companies be on time. There was one charter bus that used the same stop as us and when I asked the passengers there if it was on time it was exactly on time. So I understand if the weather may slow things down, but COMMUNICATE with your passengers. It's honestly not that hard. I guess with the cheap prices they charge they skimp out on competent upper management employees that take the time to consider the passengers' point of view.", 'stars': '2.0'}
{'review': "I have taken the Megabus between DC and New York ten times in the past three years, and I think it is fair to say that Megabus has found a way to convert human misery into bus fuel. The employees are perpetually disgruntled, the advertised Wifi has never worked on a bus that I've taken, and because a lot of the plugs are in the ceiling directly over the seats, every time the bus hits a bump, chargers come falling down on people's heads.The upside: - The price is unbeatable - On major routes, times are pretty variedThe downsides:- The bus often runs incredibly behind schedule- There seems to be an unspoken rule that at least one person per bus must have foul-smelling, unidentified foodstuff that permeates the cabin with mystery smell- Boarding / Exiting is often vaguely controlled chaos and can be very disconcerting.Overall, Megabus offers a service at an affordable price, so don't expect the same amenities you would get at a higher price. However, even at the low prices they charge, they could (1) fix the wifi, (2) ask employees to not actively wish the imminent demise of every customer and (3) make boarding a little more organized.Special tip:Do not pay for the reserved table on the lower level. The legroom is actually less than the regular seats and you get almost no storage space under the seat (for bus drivers that refuse to let you use the storage shelf)", 'stars': '2.0'}
{'review': "If I could leave half a star, I would. They are ALWAYS late. The wifi and outlets NEVER work. The attendants at the stops are typically rude, unhelpful assholes. Its ALWAYS freezing, and if you politely ask the driver (on behalf of the ENTIRE BUS) to turn the temp up, they tell you to sit down and don't disturb the driver. The drivers are sometimes good, sometimes completely crazy-- rushing to be on time so they speed and swerve, even in the rain, in a bus that is actually not meant for highway use as it is unsafe for a double decker to go over 50mph. It should take longer than 3 hours to get from White Marsh, MD to NYC. That is not convenience, it is dumb and dangerous. I always take the bus between White Marsh and NYC. Sometimes when they pick up in White Marsh its a crappy old bus with no wifi or outlets at all, and it smells like chinese food. I could take the china bus from gotobus.com for $20 bucks if I wanted that, AND it would be on time. I think my biggest issue with this company is that they refuse to issue refunds. They claim its not their policy to give refunds and when we purchase tickets we agree to that policy. ACTUALLY, this is just incredibly shitty customer service. If you fail to deliver a product or service in a clean, timely, and respectful manner, you should offer a refund to your customers. They don't because of the demand-- people need these buses for work, family, and cheap vacation options, and they take advantage because they know the need will always be there. I don't see why the shameless millionaire who owns this company cannot have the decency to offer a refund if the bus is more than an hour late. Ive missed a Thanksgiving, a plane, a bachelorette party, and an interview because of this bus company. As I stand in line RIGHT NOW for a bus that is over an hour late, I swear I'll never use this company again unless they update their policies to benefit the people who line their pockets with cash every year.", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': 'I purchased a 12:15pm ticket for NYC-Boston with an ETA of 4:40pm. At 12:10 we were still in line on the sidewalk so my hopes of leaving on time were dashed. I boarded and sat on the bottom where there were far less people. We didn\'t pull away from the sidewalk until 12:30pm. The driver tried to be funny during his announcements but sounded like a washed up failed comedian. He announced and I quote "I will be driving at no more than 65mph and our eta is when we get there" The the bus seemed to have no shock absorbers so it was a rough ride. I was woken up from my nap an hour in when the driver yelled GET OFF THE STAIRS YOU ARE BREAKING THE LAW BY BEING ON THE FRONT STAIRS at some guy. I was looking forward to a rest stop to pee and get some food, but that never came. The outlets are in really weird places above your head so the people behind me kept wacking me in the head with their phone charging cable the whole ride. At 4:45 we were still almost an hour from South Station. We finally get to the destination and this driver announces, I hope you had a good ride but if you didn\'t call and yell at a customer service person because no one really cares. Arrival time was 5:30. Pretty bad for this trip, which I do often. There is also no overhead space on the bus. Not sure I\'d do a Megabus trip again.', 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "Employees are unprofessional. The ones at the bus stop were curt and incompetent - I was told to wait behind a barrier; then they let late arrivals onboard ahead of me. I guess they would have left without me if I hadn't finally asserted myself. The driver played cheesy music and kept trying to whistle to it but could not whistle - so annoying.", 'stars': '2.0'}
{'review': "The bus itself is nice but the customer service and website are god awful. \xa0If you need to re-schedule a trip you're in for the long haul and expect to get the run-around from the mega bus representa", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "When I read Yelp reviews prior to buying tickets for my Toronto trip, I got little anxious since they are mostly negative. But now, while I am still on the bus, I can say that is even good experience if you like bus trips. I am traveling overnight on Thursday and most of the passengers could have double seats per each person.Before the trip began, the driver said if outlets are not working they can't do anything, which I think is honest and realistic. What can they do after the trip begins? \xa0Thankfully, my outlet is working fine. About wifi, I was not expecting a better service on the road. I took off one star since the bus departed half an hour late, so will be arriving so.The passengers are multicultural and I think mostly students. Till Buffalo, there were two breaks given. I now only hope a smooth border crossing.", 'stars': '4.0'}
{'review': "Our driver got lost and made an illegal and very dangerous u-turn on the highway (NJ turnpike) on the way from DC to NYC in the middle of the night. Thanks God nothing bad happened, but that was absolutely unacceptable and super dangerous. If he got caught by the police at that time, I'm sure he would instantly have lost his right to work for a public transportation company.He also turned AC on to make it freezing cold for over 2 hours and after everyone started to complain he agreed to turn it off. But instead (guess what?) - he turned the HEAT on. In the middle of July. What an idiot.", 'stars': '2.0'}
{'review': "I am currently on a Megabus from Boston to New York. I left more than 7 hours ago. We have moved no more than a few blocks in the past half hour. The problem isn't the traffic, which is very real. The problem is that: (1) the driver appears to be taking the longest route possible as Google Maps shows faster alternative routes that we are constantly missing; (2) megabus has an outrageous policy of not allowing anyone to exit the bus at any location other than the stop. Perhaps they are concerned about liability, but at this point I'd get to my destination faster crawling on my hands and feet. I'm never taking Megabus again and I encourage you to do the same.", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "Teliable, clean and efficient, but don't expect that the marketing hype of working wifi is more than bs. \xa0It never works! \xa0Tell a driver? \xa0why? \xa0They do nothing. \xa0Tell management? \xa0Why? \xa0They do nothing. \xa0I guess it is just another sham marketing gimmick. \xa0The technology works...... on BoltTime to switch. \xa0Sadly...", 'stars': '2.0'}
{'review': "Round trip from NYC to Boston, not exactly cheap but they were the only ones with an 8pm departure time. NYC to Boston trip: we started moving at exactly 8:22pm. Very organized, the staff was actually really helpful. The bad: only one outlet on the window seat, really inconvenient if you sit on the isle. The bus never made any stops but we did arrive on time. BOS to NYC: bus was already there when I arrived and we left right on time. The bad: again, no stops. Outlets where on top.. Like next to the AC & light so better bring a Long cable if you plan on charging anything. Overall, it was actually pretty good. The wifi didn't work as expected (never seem to work on these buses) but we did arrive on time which was great.", 'stars': '4.0'}
{'review': "9 livesYou'll need them. Megabus sucks. They blow chunks. Megabus made me hate the color blue. Megabus is not a bus, it is a horrid metal tube. Megabus is worse than shitpoo. An anagram for Megabus is seam bug, which most likely are creatures in their seats. A Megabus driver once used his hand to wipe the window to see through because the wipers broke. In an alternative reality, I died on that very bus. One time the AC went out and the driver said you can stay on or wait on the side of the road for the next one. It was at that moment I wished Dale Moser was next to me so I could verbally abuse him. Megabus gives reason to create the negative star rating system. I'd rate -5 (-5 of 5 stars). When will Megabus change its ways? When will shit stop being poo? The only good thing about Megabus is its consistency. Good job, folks, way to run a 3rd world business. With no love.", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "I take the Megabus on weekends twice a month from NYC to Baltimore. I have been doing this route with Megabus for over a year. The most I have ever spent was $75 on roundtrip bus tickets and that was for Easter weekend when prices are guaranteed to be high. I love the cheap prices and that's what gets me coming back to Megabus everytime. I also love the same old routine: there's wifi on the bus, double-decker seating, cold air conditioning, and reserved seats with a table for only $3 more. As much as I love this cheap alternative to the plane and train, I HATE the delays. Just yesterday I waited for the bus for over an hour standing on the curb on 34th st. It's almost every time I use Megabus that I get some sort of delay. I understand traffic and weather, but overbooking buses is no excuse to have late travels. Megabus needs a new way to organize travelers per bus, especially on the crowded routes from NYC. The next bus I book will be for Bolt Bus-- I have heard that their delays are nowhere near Megabus!", 'stars': '3.0'}
{'review': 'I traveled with Megabus this past Sunday night on an 8 pm ride from Boston to NYC. It left a good 15 minutes late. Fast forward to 4+ hours later, we are pulling into the stop in NYC, and our bus driver casually announces over the speaker system that "oh by the way, we couldn\'t get the storage compartments under the bus to close automatically, so instead we had to close them manually with a key. I\'m told there will be someone waiting for us at the stop to unlock the compartment to retrieve your belongings." Because, you know, apparently it didn\'t make any sense for HIM to bring the key with him!!! Not surprisingly, no one was waiting for us at the stop (and our bus driver could certainly have been more proactive to call when we were 30 minutes out to confirm the key guy was there). So instead, a bus full of people, in 30 degree weather (many of whose jackets were locked in an inaccessible compartment), had to stand on the sidewalk past 1 am in the morning--on a work night--freezing cold, for HALF AN HOUR while we waited for this key guy to show up from NJ. Our bus driver told us it would be only be a few minutes, and seemed none-too-concerned the huge inconvenience he had caused us. I called to issue a complaint yesterday and request a refund for the $70 I had regrettably spent with them (for 2 tickets), and was told today that they apologize but "a refund will not be offered at this time." This kind of customer service is abhorrent and I will certainly never travel with Megabus again. This company is a complete joke.', 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': 'I opted to take the Megabus to Philly for the MIA festival. Pro: -prices are great. tickets are cheap in comparison to Greyhound and Amtrak -several bus time options are available (literally there are buses 30 mins apart) -The bus is huge and accommodates lots of people and the air flow is neither too hot or to cold-the seats are spacious and recline, bathrooms are available and charging outlets are also available throughout the entire bus-the bus left on time for departure and arrival, and the ride was very smooth considering it was a holiday weekend Cons-the baggage handlers were a little rude -the bus depot was located on 34th and 12th ave-- which was a long trek from 6th or 8th ave-beverages are sold on the bus but they are kind of expensive so pack a snack in your carry onWould definitely take this bus again for a weekend trip. WORTH THE MONEY! Book early prior to your travel date so you can purchase cheaper tickets.', 'stars': '4.0'}
{'review': "After having a horrible experience in Scotland when Megabus stranded my friend and I, I was a bit hesitant when my boyfriend informed me that he booked Megabus to Washington DC. I figured I would try this again.......The ride from Seacaucus to DC was fine, very uneventful.Coming home however.....We were at Union Station and I had to ask multiple times where was the queue for the \xa07:30 bus to Seacaucus. We were directed to a queue that was headed to BUFFALO ! I would of almost had a Scotland experience again. We finally found the line we were supposed to be on.There was no WiFi and the outlets weren't working which did not bother me. \xa0The driver had to make a detour to pick up his co driver. We sat in a sketchy parking lot and waited for over ten minutes. Passengers were getting annoyed. What annoyed me was the driver was driving so carelessly. Cutting off cars, swerving in and out of lanes, and speeding. I was in fear for my life. It was beginning to storm as well. I understand that you need to make up time that you missed because you are on a tight schedule, but to drive and risk 50 plus people's lives is not okay with me. The icing on the cake was when we arrived in Seacaucus, the driver opened the door for the suitcases and just stood there expecting us to climb in and grab our luggage. Because he was driving like a lunatic, the suitcases were all over the place. He stood there expressionless with his arms crossed, not helping any of the passengers. Luckily my boyfriend was there to help. Pretty much you are getting what you pay for. Avoid Megabus like the plague if you can. Employees are not helpful and not personable. Next time I will cough up the extra cash and take Amtrak or rent a car.", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "A megabus employee stole gifts I had bought for friends out of my bag after I dropped it off under the bus. Megabus to this point hasn't even responded to my emails asking for resolution. Apparently their employees going through and stealing items from riders bags is no big deal to them. Last week was the last time I ever ride Megabus. If they went through my bag they'll go through yours too. This happened at the 34th between 11th and 12th st pick up area.", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': 'How much is two hours of your time worth? Add that to the price of any Megabus trip. This message posted after waiting at a rest stop for over an hour to switch drivers... while twenty minutes away from the destination. After boarding a 7pm bus at 8pm while six other buses sat idle at the station. As my fellow passengers speculate, "I am just hoping to get there by 6am."Megabus: the power to extend time beyond belief. And restricts your ability to even stand during the process. The second star is for the early AM buses, which actually do leave on the dot, even though their standard 45 minutes late would actually be helpful at 5am.', 'stars': '2.0'}
{'review': 'Worst bus service. Booked a 9:15 bus to Philly, was at the front of the line for the bus, unintentionally sat in a seat that someone had reserved and they kicked us off the bus all together because they had oversold the seats.', 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': 'UPDATE: \xa04/20/16: \xa0This is easily the worst bus service to take from BOS/NYC. Rides always approach 6 hours and the drivers consistently pick the worst route via traffic. It\'s almost as if they want to arrive late so they can go home after one trip. __________________________________________________________After waiting in the rain for 40 minutes late bus, this is their response. \xa0\'Nuff said: \xa0Dear Aykim,megabus.com strives to provide you with the best possible service, and whenyou feel that it fails to meet your expectations, it is important for us toknow. We apologize that you received service that prompted you to contactus with a complaint, and we regret any inconvenience or frustration thatyour experience has caused you.I can assure you that the appropriate measures will be taken to avoid areoccurrence. Your patronage is important to us, and we hope you willcontinue to give us the opportunity to serve you again. However,compensation was not offered for this matter due to our internalcompensation policy.Thank you for using megabus.com we appreciate your business.Sincerely,MangieMegabus Customer Service Specialist________________________Megabus Customer Supportinquiries@megabus.comaykim04/03/2015 12:21 PMTo "inquiries@megabus.com" inquiries@megabus.com \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 Subject Re: From megabus.com: Your reservations have been madeThis is ridiculous. It\'s 12:21pm and we are just leaving. I would like arefund since I was standing in the rain for 40 minutes!Sent from my iPhoneOn Apr 3, 2015, at 12:00 PM, inquiries@megabus.com wrote:Dear Aykim,Please be advised, your bus should be arriving shortly.Thank you for choosing megabus.com, we appreciate your business.Sincerely,MangieMegabus Customer Service Specialist________________________Megabus Customer Supportinquiries@megabus.com', 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "It is not perfect, but a good alternative to Amtrak. cost anywhere between $6 to $13 each way. Takes forever to get in and out of Manhattan.Power outlets don't work, wifi is nonexistent.Overall not too bad. Just don't expect too much.", 'stars': '2.0'}
{'review': 'I\'m so ready to stop using this service. I\'m more exhausted then pissed. Friday evening from Boston to NYC 730 pm bus delayed for 3 hours to start. Within the 3 hours no communication no estimate no explanation no emplyee. 3 am I woke up found out they drove us from Manhattan back to Jersey and made 2 stops for driver replacements. They refund money to my husband. But this "free" trip really can not make up for the time and unpleasamt plan changes.', 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "I wanted to book a trip for an almost 16 year old child on a direct bus from New York City to Albany. \xa0I didn't know that kids under 17 couldn't ride Megabus. \xa0It was in the small print of the very long agreement. \xa0We started reading reviews and I found out they wouldn't let her ride even with a parent on either end. \xa0So I called them up and I explained the situaton asking for either an exemption or a refund. \xa0They were terriblely rude, a very much FU you should have read the agreement kind of attitude. \xa0Shockingly they were perfectly OK with neither refunding the money nor providing the service paid for.I don't usually book bus services but they are dreadful.", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "Waited for my bus in -15 degree weather up near Albany. The bus did not show up on time, and once every hour the status kept changing to a further hours' delay. After 2.5 hours in hypothermic conditions and nowhere in a half-mile radius to wait inside, the status online said the estimated arrival time was 4.5 hours after the originally scheduled departure time. Because I could not feel my fingers and toes at this point, I decided to walk a half mile and wait inside the train station. I kept checking the status until it said no updates were available. I needed to get home for work so I ended up buying a train ticket. Tried to get a refund but apparently the bus eventually came very late at some point, and they are a non-refund company. I thought it would be worth it to save a little bit of money -- I ended up spending more and wasting my time. I will never use Megabus' services again. Trains are much more comfortable and reliable.DON'T USE THEM THEY ARE HORRIBLE.", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "It's like they TRY to be late. I took it once, bus was an hour late. Made the mistake of taking it again, the bus was supposed to leave at 8:10 and we left at 10:45!!!! WOW. Thanks for making me wait on the sidewalk for hours you incompetent piece. How do you consistently mess up your scheduling that badly? Megafail. Give me my money back.", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "I was wiling to pay for my daughter to Boston since I was lied by mega bus customer service on the telephone that child on lap baby is FREE but Time I got to Boston megabus they made me pay $25 on my 8th month old child.When I was heading home to Boston, the NYC employee understood that a 8month old baby should be w/ family he didn't charge me another $25! He was so nice, He let my daughter sat on our laps!So therefore NYC megabus crew are very nice than Boston megabus crew!", 'stars': '5.0'}
{'review': 'I must say Greyhound, Bolt, and Peter Pan are better. I was going to Albany Trainstation to catch a train. It was Friday and the bus left at 10:45 right on time. Then we got stuck in some Friday Lincoln Tunnel Traffic allk the way till Ridgewood. Once we got on the main highway, the bus was operating about 35 min late, keep in mind the driver had not made any annoucments so far and throughout the trip. We got halfway through the trip and tere was a car going very slow, so he swerved and cut of the car. The bus was due Albany Train station at 1:45pm and we were about 80 miles away at 1:20. The A/C was BLASTINGGG and it was brrrrrrrr. Luckily we got at the vicinity of Albany at 1:57 thanks to driving fast and cutting off many people. But those cut offs were very scary and unsafe. Yet alone getting to the train station eas hell. We turned here there back and forth and go to the station 45 minutes late at 2:30 in time to make my train. My hest advice avoud Megabus if you are travelling to higher concentrated areas like Big cities and towns and avoid at all times. The reason for 2 stars os that they did their job get you(or me) to the destination fast and cheaply. I think were better off using Bolt, Greyhound and for god sakes Peter Pan.', 'stars': '2.0'}
{'review': "Let's say you have two shady uncles. There's your uncle Greyhound. He did ten years at Rikers for grand larceny and is gonna be on probation for the rest of his life.Your uncle Megabus once sold some fake lotto tickets and besides that he's not such a bad guy. He shows up relatively on time, doesn't smell weird and just a really likable uncle.", 'stars': '3.0'}
{'review': "SCUMBALL THIEVES* \xa0Megabus charged me twice for one trip* \xa0No phone number to solve the problem* \xa0RUDE operator in the sales department, refused to tell me where the main office is, refused to put me through to a supervisor, and hung up on me. \xa0* \xa0FINALLY they admitted the error- refunded the money EXCEPT for the booking fee - - the booking fee for the trip that I never booked. \xa0 * This is a huge company. \xa0Seeing the lack of interest in doing the right thing, I have no doubt that they are doing this intentionally. \xa0What a great income stream charging for services they don't have to provide. \xa0100% profit for them.APPARENTLY THE HIGH ROAD IS CLOSED FOR REPAIRS", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "My family was VERY disappointed with our travel on Megabus, round trip from DC to NYC on 9/23/16. The ride was extremely uncomfortable. It was so bumpy and bouncy that it felt like we were driving on a gravel road the whole way. My biggest complaint, however, is that our driver stopped the bus on the Jersey Turnpike about an hour out from NYC and toldus the DOT would not let him drive any further and we had to wait for a newdriver. Don't tell me the driver and/or his supervisor/dispatcher didn'tknow he couldn't make it to NYC. He should never have taken off from DC if he could only drive 3/4 of the way! We ended up waiting a long time, during which, the driver and a passenger with PTSD from military service got into a shouting match. We ended up arrivingin NYC almost two hours late. My family had reserved two tour busrides, but because we were late we lost the second one and could not get arefund. Very glad we did not have matinee theater tickets! \xa0We hurried to the Javitz Convention Center to catch our bus back to DC that evening, only to find after waiting in line for nearly an hour that the bus wouldn't start and we had to wait for another one to board. It was sooo late when we got home, and we nearly froze in the unchangeable air conditioning. I complained to Megabus, but they blamed the DOT.", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': 'If I could give them 0 stars I would. I used Megabus to travel from Boston to New York recently and we had to stop to do a driver change. The new driver took 45 minutes to get to us so we ended up being over an hour later late to New York. On top of all that, the bus was stuffy and there was no sanitizer in the bathroom. I will never use Megabus again-this was absolutely ridiculous!', 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "The day I was supposed to leave was a complete disaster. I was notified that I was supposed to leave from 27 street and 7 ave at 1:30 am. However, the bus left from 33 street between 11 and 12 ave and the next bus wasn't supposed to come until 6 am around 33 street. When I waited for next bus at 33 street, I missed it ans it left from 27 street. I had to wait until 10 am to catch the bus and they had the audacity to tell me that an email was sent out and the buses were cancelled which was a lie. I wasn't the only one who was dealing with this, this happened to five other ppl. Bottom line I was given the wrong directions every time, I waited for 9 hrs, and the employees treat the customers like crap. I didn't get into fights with them at all, but they didn't seem willing to help in the least. The best guy there was Francisco, he kept himself in good spirits, he was very nice, and he was genuinely willing to help passengers who missed their bus. Everyone was so unhappy, worst service, worst customer interaction, very unprofessional, and they tell you to pay the fee which is very shady to me. Whenever I took this bus to travel, I always had a great experience. After what I went through, I will never take this bus again. It happened once, but this is a strikeout for me. You can get travel credit even though you can't get a refund. But it's not worth it spending your money with this service.This service deserves 0.5 stars.", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': 'Horrible business. Tickets say the bus departs at 615 yet they keep you standing in the cold', 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "WORST BUS SERVICE EVER! I took the bus from NYC to DC, and it was delayed for 1 1/2 hours. The person responsible for checking us or letting us know did not let us know, and I had to find out via email. The wifi almost never works, or is very spotty. The bathroom is absolutely revolting, and the bus ride never is smooth. The person checking us in had the most rudest attitude I've ever encountered. Definitely taking Bolt Bus or Greyhound next time. Ain't nobody got time for this ratchetness!", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': 'Definitely like it. FOR THE MONEY. I think some of the negative reviewers compare it and BoltBus, etc., to some ideal limousine service, while forgetting they would pay much more there. This is the USA baby, no public transport in most places - so these buses are a welcome respite for a car-less (or disabled) New Yorker.I have only had two trips to and from Albany. We had an issue leaving NYC - the bus was more than an hour late, and we were baking in the sun - there are no shelters and trees on the street where the stop is located - but I don\'t think this is Megabus\' fault - I bet you the city makes it hard for them to "modify the street appearance". Being late - that\'s the nature of things on this island on a summer Friday night. The drivers both ways were careful, did not speed or perform any risky maneuvers. There are outlets above your seat to charge your gadgets.Don\'t count on the wifi - it is technically present, but SO SLOW that you will reach your destination before the first Internet page actually opens. BUT - I only payed less than $40 bucks (at least $80 on Amtrack, and $300-400 for a weekend if I rented a car) - so I will definitely use them again.The USA needs to catch up and develop public transportation... but that\'s a whole other can of worms.', 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "We were lucky to have a perfect trip for a NY/Philly round trip, although we were a bit nervous while reading the reviews. We booked our tickets during Memorial Day the night before the departure. Both ways were exactly on time. The buses were clean and did not look old. (electricity plugs were working fine). Maybe it's easier when you have a 2hour-trip, but it really couldn't be better. Plus when you consider how cheap the price is, it's just an incredible deal. We paid $30 for a round-trip (which is close to a taxi ride in NYC).", 'stars': '4.0'}
{'review': "It was a hour and a half late, which would have been fine is they had treated their customers respectfully. Instead they didn't apologize, offered no explanation and called various individuals idiots. I am definitely taking bolt in the future.", 'stars': '5.0'}
{'review': 'Once me and my friend arrived 15 minutes prior to the scheduled departure time. I waited behind a line of others who had already purchased tickets in advance. However, the idiot staff members were letting on people from the standby line. As a result, about 10 of us who had already purchased tickets in advance weren\'t allowed to be let on to the bus we paid to ride. Of course we all were like "WTF", but the ghetto ratchet-ass workers were extremely rude and wouldn\'t even acknowledge that they made a mistake. They told us we had to wait in the standby line (already filled with people) and pay the standby fee. Luckily me and my friend managed to squeeze into the last two standby seats of a bus after waiting in the standby line for an hour.I sent an email to Megabus explaining the situation and asking for a refund. After sending me generic responses apologizing for not being able to offer me a refund, they eventually told me they were forwarding my inquiry to the "Operations Manager". Never heard back after that. Followed up a month later, and still no response.', 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': 'Terrible. \xa0Waiting for my trip from NYC to Boston right now and have been waiting in line for 2 hours. \xa0The bus was scheduled to leave at 11 and it is now 1245 with no sign of said bus. \xa0It is hot. We are all tired. Would be worth it to pay the extra $ for a greyhound ticket.', 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "You're hot then you're coldYou're yes then you're noYou're in then you're outYou're up then you're downYou're wrong when it's rightIt's black and it's whiteWe fight, we break upWe kiss, we make upYou don't really wanna stay in NYC, noBut you really gotta go to Philly, ohSome MegaBus trips have been totally awesome 3-star experiences. The bus is on time, the wifi works, I get out of the city for $10. Unfortunately it's the other times when the bus is late and overbooked that stick with me. Why you gotta be so fickle, MegaBus?", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': 'Essentially you get the quality of transportation that you pay for. I\'m on the NY to DC bus. The bus arrived 25 mins late, during which it was a lovely combination of freezing cold & pouring rain, so every minute of their tardiness was horrible. At one point of their staff let us know "we have no idea where the bus is" (awesome). When the bus finally did arrive, their staff got out of their warm comfy vans and rudely ushered everyone into the bus without the slightest of apologies for the delay. During this trip I\'ve tried to connect with their. \xa0wi-fi more than 10 times at this point without any success. Lastly, it\'s freezing in this darn thing. Never again megabus. Never again.', 'stars': '2.0'}
{'review': "I travel ALL around the country and specifically in the north east on a regular basis. I don't drive so I'm always take a bus or a train. I live in nyc and I frequent places like DC, Baltimore, Philly andBoston. If I can book my trip in advance I prefer to take Amtrak. It's clean and comfortable and efficient. If I'm booking last min in sometimes take the bus to save a few bucks. I usually take Bolt bus. On this one occasion I decided to try taking megabus, because of the double decker feature. I thought it might be nice to sit up top and watch the view. I took the train from nyc to DC and then Baltimore and then had a megabus ticket on 12/24 to return from Baltimore back to nyc. It was raining and cold. I had a ticket on the 10:20 am bus. The megabus pick up location, unlike the bolt bus, is way way way out of town in white marsh. It's a 28 minute cab ride out of the main city. Once I realized this I jumped in a cab (which cost $45) from the regular transit depot where the bolt and the amtrak are... \xa0To make it in time. I arrived to white marsh at 10:19am. The cab driver (it was her birthday too by the way) hustled and got me there in time. The megabus worker however tells me the bus is full and no one else is getting on. It's now raining hard and it's winter. There's no place to go. The megabus worker tells me the next bus is at 11:55. Almost two hours to wait in the freezing rain, for a bus I don't have a ticket for and will have to wait on the standby line.As the grumpy megabus worker heads for warmth in his personal car, I talk to a few other passengers who are waiting for the bus under a tiny ledge. Some have been waiting since 8:55am. I call the megabus 1800 number and explain the situation. We now have 20 people including young children waiting to go to nyc who have I jets for buses who have already come and gone. The woman on the phone informs me that there is no 11:55 bus and the next one is actually at 12:25. Thankfully I had just charged my cell phone battery because there is nowhere to have access to a power outlet, or an emergency phone, nor a bathroom by the way. Also the phone agent tells me that there are potentially only 4 spots available on this bus coming two hours later. Plus, they are continuing to sell tickets online. Knowingly on Christmas Eve there are 16 people (or more) who will be standee at this desolate bus stop.A megabus comes from DC to drop off passengers and the driver is headed to New Jersey. However he is not allowed to take any more passengers in the empty bus. The 20 of us wait. It starts to rain harder. There's a group with one dad and four daughters who want to travel together. There are five of them. I guess they aren't getting the next bus! Finally the 12:25 bus comes and I get to squeeze on to the last seat because there's room for one more and I'm the only one waiting in the standby line who is traveling solo. I get on... The first level of the bus, happy to be heading home. Because everyone is soaking wet there is a huge puddle forming on the ground. Also I notice in the row next to me a woman who has her baby's car seat in a seat. Worst bus experience ever! Don't take megabus!", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': 'The Worst Experience Ever. \xa0The bus stopped in the middle of nowhere on the way to Boston because the substitute driver did not come. \xa0Had to take a two-hour Uber to Boston and pay 150 bucks. \xa0Please do yourself a favor and take any other bus service or pay a little extra for Amtrak', 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': 'Yes the prices are cheap. But the other negative reviews are accurate -- buses are routinely late, WIFI is out on about half the buses, outlets don\'t always work and are oddly placed...But the worst thing I\'ve encountered so far is this:I was watching a movie on my phone and propped it up on the dashboard in front of the windshield on the top level, when all of a sudden my portable charger fell between the dash and the windshield -- the gap there wasn\'t visible, I didn\'t even notice it before. I figured no big deal, I\'ll tell the driver at the end of the trip. The driver informs me that a mechanic is required to open this thing up and that I need to file a lost and found claim. I took down the bus number and filed a claim the next day.2 WEEKS go by with no response, then I get a templated "We regret to inform you we were unable to locate your item" email. I went back and forth with them a few times explaining this isn\'t your typical "lost and found" case, I know exactly where my charger is and there\'s no way it\'s not still there right now.A phone call with some customer service rep, Calisha, clarified the situation. Apparently they won\'t send a mechanic to the bus until the bus is OUT OF SERVICE (permanently), so until the damn thing breaks down I\'m S.O.L. when it comes to getting my charger back. She also made it clear it was my fault for placing my charger on the dashboard (there was no indication not to, and in fact the bus I had taken a day earlier even had cupholders and other compartments to store things), and when I asked about compensation in any form including a voucher she said "we don\'t do that."Their customer service is possibly the worst I\'ve encountered. Stay away from these guys.', 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "Don't bother paying extra for the seat you want. They'll charge you extra and take your money, but no one keeps track of that. I paid for a seat up front on top, but it's a free for all when the doors open. Good luck convincing the person who was in front of you in line to get up and go somewhere else.", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': 'The customer is always wrongCustomer service kept jerking me around in circles when I tried to complain about how rude their driver was. They never apologized or even acknowledge that there was ever a problem with their service.', 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': 'If like being bounced around on a bus with no shock absorbers then megabus is the company to choose', 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': 'I\'ve taken Megabus just a few times over the past few years - mostly to Philly, once to Boston.If it\'s outside of the usual rush hour/Friday night/summer escape/holiday times - that\'s a big "if" - \xa0I can\'t complain about Megabus too much. \xa0I generally sit on the lower level, where the driver may actually complain when someone is being too loud. \xa0That\'s a good thing. \xa0For the price too, even a day before, it\'s a good deal.It would make the queuing a bit better if they could have some type of roofing in the event of inclement weather, say by Javits or by 30th St.', 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "Reviews are rather polarizing, I see.Well, sucks for everyone that had a bad experience. Ha!I took the 10:45 a.m. from NYC to Philly on a Friday morning. Got to Philly at 1 p.m. as scheduled, which was good as we drove south along I-95 through a very rainy nor'easter. Heading back to NYC the next evening, the 5 p.m. got us back at 7:15 p.m., also as scheduled. WiFi worked. Plugs worked. Both drivers were competent. The bottom deck barely gave me any leg room, but for a two-ish hour drive, I could really care less. Upstairs was a trifle roomier. All in all, round trip tickets for two people cost me a piss cheap price of only $16.50.I suppose I lucked out.If my next experience with them sucks, I'll update this review accordingly. Trust. Haaa.", 'stars': '2.0'}
{'review': "It got us from NYC-WAS just fine but paid for reserved seats only to fine out I didn't really need to. Our driver cussed and honked throughout the night at other drivers on the road. It seemed like a bit of road rage which made us feel unsafe at times. The honking disrupted sleeping passengers throughout the night. He would then yell into the microphone for stops when their was no need to be so loud. Someone ought to remind their drivers to be a little more considerate for sleepy passengers on late trips. However, the value, duration of the trip, the free Wi-Fi, and his attitude toward customers was all great. I would have given 5 stars if he wasn't so rude to other drivers on the road.", 'stars': '4.0'}
{'review': 'Affordable, clean, comfortable and efficient. Have been using megabus for the past 4 years. Get there \xa030 mins early first come first serve. I got the best road trip for $12. florida -- to Atlanta--- DC -- to NY', 'stars': '3.0'}
{'review': "I'm giving megabus two stars because it's cheap, and that's it. since I grew up in boston and then moved to providence, until recently I had done most of my bus traveling on peter pan, a regional affiliate of greyhound. I took the bolt bus to new york once as a teenager, but mostly what I remember about that experience is being excited to take a trip on my own.I now live in chicago, and had a few days off to come east and very quickly do a bunch of things here. I had two internship interviews and an exhibit I wanted to see before taking the bus to see my family in boston and friends in providence. obviously I love new york, but I planned my day really tightly so I would get to spend as much time with my family as possible.The plan was: fly to new york, stay over at a friends, two interviews in brooklyn, new museum, megabus. the plan became: plane, sleep, interviews, museum, and then wait for an hour in the freezing cold at a random spot exposed to the elements (literally the wind blowing off the water buffeting my back) while the megabus employees tell us it's going to be 20 more minutes. after I spend another hour trying not to barf listening to the guy in front of me try way too hard to impress his girlfriend, they tell us that there's been a miscommunication, and our bus is actually still in mount vernon, an hour away from manhattan. I called my mother in tears, running up to penn station and begging her to buy me an amtrak ticket since I don't have a hundred dollars just lying around. but, $75 later, here we are, riding the train through connecticut. what really makes me mad isn't the miscommunication between the drivers and employees \xa0at the bus stop, it's that they made us wait out in the cold. I live in chicago, and it is COLD in chicago, but because of that there are things like bus shelters and heated hutches. New york, too, has provisions for the cold weather that is around for about half the year. bus terminals exist for a reason, and that reason is so that when your bus gets delayed for two hours there's at least a place where your fingers aren't going to freeze off, never mind a cup of coffee in the middle of new york city. all there was here was one very smart hot-dog vendor. in conclusion, I am furious. delays, fine, the ticket is cheap, and planes are delayed all the time. but sitting out in the cold for a bus that's going to get you home at 2 in the morning instead of 11? no. no no no. I will never ever use megabus again, there are too many other options that aren't a safety hazard.", 'stars': '2.0'}
{'review': "Deciding on Megabus from New York? Make a cost-benefit analysis (you can already tell I majored in public policy in college). Is low price a factor? Go Megabus. Especially if the trip is impromptu. I was able to find tickets NY-DC round trip for about $60 within a week's notice. Keep in mind you may need to add the cost of a cab to their inconvenient pick-up location (see my review on the specific stop here for more info: yelp.com/biz/megabus-sto )Is reliability a factor? I haven't had any issues with MB, so this answer depends on whether you're risk-adverse or not. I've taken Megabus three times recently and they've all left right on schedule. Then again, I haven't had Megabus on a bad day, but I have a hunch they wouldn't deliver, based on the low price of their service. \xa0Is comfort a factor? If it is, pony up for Amtrak. If not, lower your expectations, stop by Pret A Manger for sandwiches and water, charge up your portable devices, and you'll be fine. The wi-fi won't work most likely, so just pretend it doesn't exist. The wi-fi is a lie. Finally, is the weather supposed to be awful? This could be the deal-breaker, transforming your MB experience from an adequate one to a stressful one before you even board the bus. Don't do Megabus if it's going to rain, snow, hail, thunder, or Sharknado (that's right, I made it a verb). Essentially, just make sure it's sunny out; I don't think you should be soaking wet before a long bus ride. Is speed a factor? Arrival time depends on traffic. It took me 15 minutes just to get inside Lincoln Tunnel. Traffic is a reality of inter-city travel. Amtrak is much more expensive getting to DC, but you won't hit traffic for NYC, Philly, Baltimore, or Washington. tl;dr: If I've got time to waste but rather use my money on something else, Megabus. If I've only got a weekend to spare and price is no issue, Amtrak.", 'stars': '3.0'}
{'review': "The price is cheap - but the smell in this bus I am sitting in right now is equivalent to toilet cleaner (citrus) and the space is minimum. There's not even a way to put bag packs in a rack. Wifi sucks on board and everything seems old and not well maintained. I recommend bolt bus. They charge pretty much the same price and are waaaay better and modern. It seems like megabus became the new luckybus.", 'stars': '2.0'}
{'review': "I love MegaBus. I have used it 4 times (NYC to Philly and NYC toDC) and have had a great experience every single time. They leave almost exactly on time and do a pretty good job estimating the time of arrival as they are always pretty accurate. The ride itself is pretty comfortable. I like sitting on the top level. The prices are insanely amazing. Most of my trips were about $15-$22 one way, which is pretty awesome considering it is not very difficult to pay that much for a taxi ride in NY. One of my trips from NYC to DC cost only $3, which was pretty epic. They have tons of times for major cities like Philly, DC, and Boston, but I hope they add more times for NYC to Syracuse. Overall, I'd pick Megabus as my route of travel while traveling from NY to DC or Philly any day.", 'stars': '5.0'}
{'review': 'This was my fourth time using the megabus, and my second time going to Washington. The fact that I paid 40$ for my ticket (instead of 15$ for the next one) was because I needed to get to my destination at a certain time, which I did not, the bus was 43 minutes late, they state in their confirmation email that you\'ll be left and get no refund if you are late, but when I called to ask what if the bus was the one late they just said "we apologize"....I rushed to that "bus stop" under the rain to be there 15 minutes early as requested in my ticket, I got soaked, there\'s not even a proper place to stand and wait for the buses, it\'s just the side walk.Inside the bus it was fine, I like to have \xa0place to plug my things and keep myself busy.', 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "I wish I'd known about Megabus when I booked my Amtrak ticket from New York to D.C. \xa0Would've saved myself the $11.70 refund penalty on that $117 ticket. \xa0Even accounting for that cost, though, my trip only set me back about $27. \xa0Not bad considering what I was about to pay.Of course there's a reason Megabus is so cheap. \xa0Several reasons, actually. \xa0Let's start with the good parts. \xa0Booking online is easy, painless, and the buses run often. \xa0The bus I was on was in decent shape. \xa0The seat was comfortable enough to sleep in for a while. \xa0The thirteen-year-old boy sitting next to me fell asleep with his head on my shoulder.Now the bad. \xa0First, the stop is pretty shitty. \xa0You wouldn't even know it was a stop if it weren't for the lines of unhappy-looking people standing on the sidewalk. \xa0The only real way to know if you're in the right place is to ask other passengers. \xa0Second, the wireless on the Megabus is shit. \xa0Now before you get all Louis C.K. on me, let me just note that I don't expect to have wireless on a bus ride that costs $15. \xa0I don't need it! \xa0But if you tell me it's available, I will make many vain attempts to log on, getting frustrated and wasting lots of time when I could be reading or napping. \xa0I wish they hadn't advertised the free wireless if it wasn't going to work.The main problem with Megabus, though, is that it is apparently 100% unreliable. \xa0The bus didn't leave until around forty minutes after our scheduled departure, so all of us disgruntled passengers waited for a long time on that sidewalk, even as it started to drizzle. \xa0Then, we hit traffic, which, fine, Megabus doesn't control that. \xa0But Megabus does know that traffic is a phenomenon that strikes pretty often, at fairly predicable times, does it not? \xa0Megabus is a transit company, yes? \xa0It should know traffic patterns better than I do? \xa0Our bus arrived two hours late - it was supposed to be a five-hour ride, so that is a remarkable delay. \xa0I mean holy moly. \xa0I had to be in Arlington at 7:00 and thought I'd be safe with a 4:00 arrival at Union Station, even accounting for some delay. \xa0I did not expect to arrive huffing at my destination, having run part of the way with my luggage.At the end of the day, I'm glad I took Megabus. \xa0It's budget travel, so I wasn't expecting a top notch experience. \xa0I wish I'd known in advance how unreliable it could be, but that won't stop me from taking it again if the other option is eight times more expensive. \xa0I'll just be more prepared next time.", 'stars': '3.0'}
{'review': "Worst service ever, i reserved 2 seats on the 1:30 pm buss heading to new york from baltimore. And as mentioned on the website we went to the buss stop 15 mins prior the departing time and we were shocked when we found that the buss is already full and we have to wait 30 more minutes to get into the next buss, in addition to that the buss avoided the toll when entering new york which made us stuck for additional 40 mins in traffic knowing that we had a plane at JFK airport. Thanks god we didn't miss our plane but it is the first and last time we may use megabuss...", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "No sense of urgency whatsoever for this company. A bunch of out of shape guys in poorly fitted uniforms, just standing around talking to each other on the curb as the scheduled departure time comes & goes, while a bus & driver are there waiting to board! With this company you get what you pay for!I understand cheap, & don't mind standing outside with nowhere to sit while waiting on a bus, but this company takes it to an extreme!", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "In the past, when visiting my sisters in DC, I've usually taken Amtrak or Greyhound. But being a college student, you can't beat Megabus prices so I thought I'd give it a try and save a few bucks. To give you an idea of Megabus prices, I bought my tickets 10 days before my trip and paid $21 one way (to DC) and $33 back (to NY). But after talking to people in line I found out if you schedule earlier, you can get better deals. The day before I was going to leave for this trip, my sisters contacted me about a hurricane warning in DC (Storm Joaquin) that is supposed to hit on the same day as my return date. My sisters suggested I cancel my trip but I wanted to call Megabus customer service for their advice. My conversation with them was extremely disappointing and a complete waste of my time. They were no help, I couldn't understand them, they did not offer any helpful advice, and simply told me that THEY DO NOT OFFER REFUNDS (probably important to know before purchasing a ticket) and will only do so if the bus gets cancelled...which they will let us know via email. I'm almost positive the person I was talking to had no idea about this hurricane/storm and just kept referring me back to their website. Due to the circumstances I thought the least they would let me do was reschedule my trip for free or give me a credit? Nope. So unless I wanted to lose around $55, I had no choice to go and hope for the best. The pick-up location for Megabus in New York is in a very unique place; they're located outside on 34th street and 12th ave. The only cool thing about this pick up location is being able to experience the new 7 train - 34th Street stop which is only a block away. It's a gorgeous, very futuristic looking subway stop. The lines for the busses are outside on a sidewalk and with just my luck, it was raining and my bus was late 30 min. The workers for Megabus weren't communicating with us very well about the status of the bus so we were all very confused and aggravated, not to mention all soaking wet. When the bus finally got there, we all piled in (theres general seating and reserved seating) and went our way. Only pro to my trip thus far is my wifi and outlet to allow me to write this Yelp review. Although this was a unique situation, here's what to take away from this review:-Megabus tickets are cheap-They are somewhat unreliable (my bus was 30 min late)-Pickup location is accessible by the 7 train but lines for buses are unorganized and weather can be an issue due to lines being outside-There's general and reserved seating on the bus, wifi (not the greatest, but does the trick) and working outlets-Biggest con: their customer service/workers are the WORST to deal with and there are NO REFUNDS", 'stars': '2.0'}
{'review': "I definitely recommend this company.Months ago I bought my tickets and have chosen my seats. I suppose Megabus is one of the two companies where you have this opportunity.Choose the seats 3 or 4 on their double deckers where no row will be behind, recline your seat and enjoy the travel.Don't bother about the excess baggage as they try to freak you out on their website with their strict regulations. We had 3 luggages, let them to be checked on the counter and didn't have to pay extra fee.The only unpleasant experience with our journey has been a fault of this particular driver. The defrosting blower of the windscreen has blown hot air, letting us to sweat as in a sauna. Although I reminded him about this he couldn't understand it. Before entering the NYC there happened a driver change on a gas station and we were released from this torture.Otherwise I am totally happy with them.One last thing: as it is true with every bus company don't wait a smooth WiFi connection:)", 'stars': '4.0'}
{'review': 'Just walk. \xa0You\'re obviously visiting Yelp because you\'re contemplating purchasing a ticket. \xa0So to you, I say - walk rather than take Megabus. \xa0It will take several days - sure, but it would be expediently more pleasant. \xa0And dependable. \xa0You can depend on your two feet can\'t you? \xa0Even if you can\'t and even if they gave out after two blocks - they would still have worked more than the 12 some employees sitting aimlessly in the only square foot of shade on the block. \xa0Imagine waiting over 2 hours for a bus alongside 100 some other stranded passengers in the unforgiving pavement-fresh July New York heat, and then trying to get an update from the dozen or so Megabus employees, and being told "No one is answering the phone. \xa0What do you want us to do?" \xa0And then continuing their heated debate on who\'s going to walk 20 feet to a nearby hardware store to purchase a trash can for some reason. \xa0Or fly! \xa0Or take a train! \xa0Sure, it may cost 100 times the price - but it will still be cheaper than purchasing a ticket on Megabus, waiting over two hours to only be told that the bus wasn\'t going to show up, and THEN having to purchase a plane or train ticket. \xa0I mean - you would think that Megabus would give you a refund after failing to provide you a service that you paid for, but you would be mistaken. \xa0I\'ve sent 6 emails - and have yet to receive a response. \xa0 Or take any number of more reliable bus services. \xa0Take Vamoose, or Bolt Bus, or Grey Hound, or Peter Pan, or highjack a school bus. \xa0 But for the love of God, don\'t waste your time or money on Megabus.', 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "bad service they don't give refund! they don't change date for you! their bus can be late and u ask for refund they ignore your phone call. they don't care about their customers. they ask for $5 if you want to take the bus early maybe I might still stick to easternbus. no matter how much you pay yelp to hide bad review here you have mostly bad review horrible customer service.all the workers got mad attitudes", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "The staff is rude and unprofessional!!! I walked up to the table they were lounging at. (One was sitting on top of the table) I was greeted with blank, annoyed stares after I said hello and asked who can help me. I asked if the text I received was what I need to bored. The attendant reluctantly replied yes and pointed to a line. As if he was annoyed I asked him for help! I than stood in a line that stated reserved seating, the attendant ignored me and another patron and allowed everyone else to board. I than asked, reserved seating doesn't matter? He smartly replied it's only one line your standing in the wrong one! I simply boarded the bus. What I don't understand is if I was in the wrong line why didn't he correct me when I first stood in the line for 10 min. Honestly it doesn't matter to me who boards first. What matters is the nasty attitude! I'm very kind and polite to everyone, especially those in some sort of service industry. I manage a restaurant where we practice customer service and standards daily! So I understand the importance of service. What I expect is help without the unnecessary, unexplainable attitude. I never used this service before so I just wanted to be able to communicate with someone that would help! I'm disappointed and I hope this review points out the young, tall male with a disgusting attitude to sharpen up his manners or seek new employment if you continue your immaturity.", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': 'This is an update. It has been a few months since my interaction with Megabus. I have not heard back for months from megabus.com or any associate. I was told repeatedly that the problem was being investigated and that I would be replied back to. There has not been a resolution and I am still upset about this situation. I would not and will not recommend people to use megabus.com and I WILL tell anyone and everyone NOT to use this service. It was horrific!', 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': 'The service received was terrible. I will never EVER ride with this company again. I can receive cheaper tickets from Greyhound and Bolt Bus with better customer service. PLUS their buses depart on time!I inquired about my bus that was supposed to depart at noon, at 11:55 and one of their "employees" said that he will make an announcement at noon. When I said the bus departs at noon, it doesn\'t board at noon his rude dumpy ass said that he\'s not arguing with me. Just because you can\'t comprehend something doesn\'t mean it\'s an argument.To top it off the bus boarded at 12:30. That\'s unacceptable!! It was heavily raining and freezing all day long. Having your paying customers standing in terrible weather, no shelter, shows that you don\'t value your "25 million customers" that you serve. Without us, there\'s no company, no employees. Act like you want our business or we can take it elsewhere!', 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "When you have parents that live in the most obscure place possible to reach (even from major cities like NYC) Megabus has makes things easier since it reaches many places at affordable fares.With my other options being flying (at least $300) or the train (stops 45 min away from said parents) I have taken Megabus a lot. \xa0I have had good and bad experiences and have even made new friends on my trip. My favorite seat is the front booth seat by the window. \xa0Others like to sit on top right in front so even if I'm 10 people deep, I can count on some of them going to the top or others taking time to check their luggage. \xa0I would also recommend getting there 40 minutes to an hour early if you are indeed picky about your seat and have to sit next to you travel buddy.I have a small bag which fits under the seat okay. \xa0I also have my noise cancelling headphones as I've had too many crying kids or drunk people screaming to put up with during a five hour ride. \xa0So if you have fussy kids please consider that you will be hated by everyone ever and just because you're 28 and still weirdly obsessed with partying at PSU doesn't mean you need to be pre-bus ride trashed and telling the 17 year old guy what you look like naked. \xa0We are all on this bus together! Don't always expect the wifi to work or even the outlets for that matter. \xa0I've had good and bad experiences with the technology. \xa0The NYC pick up zone is really out in the middle of nowhere and whether is is a dangerous area or not there are megabus reps there so if you feel unsafe you can stand near them for a safety net. \xa0It is tough to get to as the subways are a bit far and with the construction, sometimes there are not side walks.A bus also has to deal with traffic (duh) so if it's late it happens. \xa0For awhile, it seemed as if the bus was always late. \xa0I've waited for up to two hours but recently it has been on time and I have seen a lot of improvement.They also have a so-so return policy. \xa0You can transfer your tickets at anytime for 24 hours prior but they do not offer refunds. \xa0This has been helpful at times. \xa0Also, when they canceled my bus due to weather, they did offer a full reimbursement or a ticket transfer at no cost. \xa0The downside to this was there was not an extra bus to account for those stranded.So with all said, sit back and enjoy the ride!", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "My experience with Megabus is better than expected. \xa0I did not experience delay or bad hardware. \xa0The waiting area is clear and the dispatchers in there are very useful. \xa0I, however, didn't use wifi and ac power and thus unable to comment about it. \xa0I took a 1pm bus from NYC to Boston and there were only 10 passengers, maybe that is why the ride is pleasant.", 'stars': '3.0'}
{'review': "Going to DC. Power outlet doesn't work and WiFi is nonexistent Standard ride. Somewhat late due to Friday night traffic.Coming back to NYC. Bus randomly stops 3 times. No announcement. 1 hour 40 minutes late.Never using megabus again.", 'stars': '5.0'}
{'review': 'Megabus? More like MEGA-SUCKS.I was surprised that the bus was on time. Must have been a miracle. The bus had \xa02 decks and I sat in the bottom deck. There were seats at the front that had a table and these guys decided to eat Mickey Ds and stink up the whole bus. Also, the AC was not working. Megabus has this irritating long intro video on the screens, nobody wanted to listen to it. The seats were ok... just barely acceptable, I wish we had more leg room. Also, they drop you off at a rather weird location and I had to walk a few streets to the subway.', 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "This company is ridiculous. \xa0They're constantly behind schedule with half ass excuses. Advertising wifi that only works occasionally. \xa0Going to seek other companies. It's the ny location that stinks. \xa0The Washington DC one actually runs on time like it should and has the boarding stop at an ACTUAL bus station... Not a damn sidewalk near a construction site...", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': 'Megabus is the worse bus line and customer service I have ever experienced. Horrible customer service and no accountability with this company. I was scheduled to leave from Port Authority and the gate number was changed because my departure gate was shut down. \xa0I received no notice of the gate change by email or otherwise and there were no signs to direct me either (there were plenty of signs directing passengers for other bus companies). I went on a wild goose chase for 30 minutes. I called megabus and NONE of the operators had any info on the gate change and kept repeating the same wrong gate to me. I missed my bus and they would not help me reschedule to the next bus or give me a refund. When I complained about their lack of service, the representaive hung up on me. This is the worse level of service I have ever received from a bus line. \xa0Choose anyone else for your bus ride.', 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': 'Worst customer service ever, use any other Northeast regional service rather than this one. Didn\'t tell line of passengers in brutal heat bus would be late until 15 min after boarding time had passed, at which time they said "maybe" 40 minutes. I called the number to ask for a status update and the customer service agent said the bus was already there! I said it wasn\'t. "Who told you that?" "Um, the Megabus agents." She then put me on hold for a while, came back, and refused to talk to me about an exchange. When I asked to speak to a manager she said it wasn\'t possible. I asked if that was company policy at which point she put me on hold, she came back after another ten minutes, said nobody was available, and hung up on me. With so many options for transit between New York and Boston there is no reason to waste your money on a company with such poor communication and customer service.', 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': 'I am presently composing this review from my tiny cramped seat on a mega bus trip from DC to NY. I am using my cellular network to write it, since in my experience, mega bus\' promised "free wifi onboard" has never worked. Our driver tonight made a point of telling us at the beginning of the trip that the wifi was "not his problem." In the past I have accepted this minor annoyance, and used the low booking prices to justify it. Earlier today, I wanted to switch my trip to a bus departing an extra hour or two later. Most companies will accommodate this simple change over the phone, but not megabus. I was instructed to "go to the bus station before my departure time, look for a guy walking around with a megabus shirt and pay him five bucks to change my reservation time." This prospective goose hunt sort of defeated the purpose of moving my ticket in the first place! Again, I let it slide. Tonight however, has been the tipping point. We first stopped and sat for a full thirty minutes in a random parking lot in Baltimore (there were no restaurants or facilities and this prolonged stop was not indicated when I purchased the ticket). We soon realized that our driver is completely psychotic!! Twice on this trip, he randomly stopped the bus, turned on all of the lights, opened and shut the door, and then sat down and starting driving again. At first I feared there might be some type of mechanical failure. Then, the driver turned on the AC (please note that it is mid-January and freezing outside). He stopped again, turned on all of the lights, and walked through the bus, announcing, "I heard someone say the bus is cold. If the bus is cold, I can arrange another bus for you." He started driving again and made a second (similar) announcement. I gave them two stars only because they have power outlets on the bus. Honestly, I\'ve had better experiences with bus companies in the developing world!! Needless to say, this will be my last trip with megabus!!', 'stars': '2.0'}
{'review': "You guys are the WORSST. Literally. My trip from DC to New York was mega complicated. First we sat into a bus. Arranged our personal space blah blah. Departure at 6. It's 6-10, and the driver casually tells us that we have to move to another bus. AT 6-10!!!! I was on the line at 5 pm... And that bus was standing there already, in the parking lot. So what???? No one even looked at it??????? Lol I guess not. Why? BY 6-25 we magically departed (already 25 mins late). Then every car passes us. Ok, they are cars. They move faster (I say). BUT Even greyhound bus passed us!!!!!! Then 4-20 hours late, being 20 minutes late for arrival we are still 40 minutes away and...... The driver STOPS the bus at a parking lot.... And says well now we are changing drivers. Wth?????? He left..... And another driver came. Had we ANY idea this would happen?? Hahah.... I guess not lol. The new driver didn't have Megabus clothes on so I assume he is just some guy from the street driving this bus. (Pretty badly, too) We are not \xa0SLAVES to be treated like this, without any word stopping a bus somewhere at a 11pm time on a Sunday. I am going to call you tomorrow, 'travel service' company. And you will hear it all. And you will reimburse my ticket. Good luck arguing with me.", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "Megabus is frequently railed in regards to their services and bus conditions. I've had issues with neither and think the concept is brilliant and easy as pies (yes so easy there are many pies). Perhaps those look for a more luxurious experience in and out New York to hotspot cities in the East coast radius should shut their pie holes and rent a car. You may be thinking, was their pie on the bus? No there wasn't. But it was still a sweet deal....", 'stars': '4.0'}
{'review': "My biggest gripe with Megabus is how they always drive all the way through Manhattan when leaving and arriving rather than taking a highway - why oh why do they do this? \xa0I live way uptown, so I had to travel down very early to catch the 6:40 am bus to Boston - at 34th Street out between 11th and 12th avenue. \xa0While the bus left on time, it took about 45 minutes just to get out of Manhattan, only because the bus travels through the city. \xa0Driving all the way through Manhattan (we're talking 34th Street to 147th or so) takes FOREVER. \xa0Coming back was the same - if not for the weird tour through Manhattan, we would have arrived about 40 minutes earlier. \xa0These buses are crammed tight and no one wants to spend anymore time on them than absolutely necessary. Next time I travel, I'll look for a bus that doesn't drive all the way through Manhattan. \xa0I miss the days of the cheaper Chinatown buses, which never took so long just to get in and out of Manhattan.", 'stars': '2.0'}
{'review': "Pros: * Inexpensive - the price of tickets stays lower longer than on Bolt.* Easy to book tickets online.* They run routes to a lot more locations than BoltBus. * They have wifi on the bus and electrical outlets. * The seats recline waaaay more than on most buses. Like to a hilariously awkward degree where you can pretty much bring yourself eye to eye with the person behind you.Cons: * The double-decker bus. Cute in concept but there are actually very few seats on the bottom floor, so it's not like it increases capacity that substantially. Sitting on the top floor is nauseating, because every little bump or tilt in the bus is translated into a huge lurch or sway, to the point where it's like riding a medium-sized boat through choppy waters.* Electrical outlets often do not work.* Difficult to actually connect to wifi.* They crank the heat up to an absurdly high level in winter. Even in a t-shirt, you will be sweating. I've never ridden in the summer but I'm guessing they have a similar problem in the opposite direction.* It's dirty. There's often garbage on the seats and on the floor.Megabus is my second to last resort before I'll ride one of the Chinatown bus lines. I prefer Bolt as my line of choice but since they run fewer routes and tend to sell out quickly, Megabus is a decent alternative.", 'stars': '3.0'}
{'review': 'The bus broke down on my way from NY to Pittsburgh, PA. The bus was stuck for nearly 1.5 hours, so I rented a car to get home. When I went to the car rental place, the manager told me that this bus line had been breaking down nearly every day that week.', 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': 'So I don\'t know what to say about Megabus exactly. The service has its upside and its downside. One of the upsides is the seating arrangement. The bus is large, so my trip to Washington DC and back to New York found me sitting alone. When people were added on in Baltimore, I was sure that I\'d end up sharing. No such situation. Can I rely on this for all my future trips? Probably not. But it was a good omen sent from the Gods that I should cut Megabus a break. A lot of people are a bit unhappy by the lines, but I\'m wondering if anyone ever shows up and "doesn\'t" get on. I think the lines are just so daunting because the space is so huge. It\'s not the confined space of Greyhound or my beloved Boltbus. You can actually move around on a Megabus. Not bad for a five hour trip. The lines in DC departure were much more organized than the NYC departure point. When I arrived at the Javits Center point, the lines was at its legendary length. I say legendary because everyone I\'ve spoken to about it, and every review I\'ve read about it, mentions the massive lines. People woory on lines like that. So help. The DC/ Union Station departure point has three lines: ticketed passenger line, stand-by line, and a much smaller reserved seating line. And the general passenger line was split between the current tie holders and the next time holders. Very efficient. Now, logistically it is hard to do this on that narrow curb next to Javits. So do it at a parking lot. It\'s not like the current area isn\'t a good mile away from any kind of bus or train. I\'m just saying.', 'stars': '3.0'}
{'review': "Megabus wasn't so bad! \xa0It was 30 mins late but it was alright, it was a nice day when we traveled so we didn't mind the delay. \xa0It may be difficult in inclement weather as the stop is literally on the sidewalk. \xa0Some people grumbled about the bus being late though. \xa0I guess when you have an appointment to catch it is a bummer, but we were tourists going to Boston so it was alright.It was great that they now have the option of choosing seats in advance. \xa0I bought my June ticket in April so I only paid $10 each round-trip (inclusive of advanced seat fee) \xa0The trip was smooth and uneventful. \xa0We arrived safe and sound about 4 hours later.", 'stars': '4.0'}
{'review': 'These people are the worst. Worse than ISIS maybe. ISIS might shoot people in the head and then thank them for coming. But at least the pain stops there. Angela Walker, a call center agent, was one of the rudest, most unhelpful I\'ve ever had the complete and utter displeasure of dealing with.  I purchased a ticket for a friend, at 9pm on Friday 6/12/15, so he could come up for a relaxing weekend. At about 9, the bus still hadn\'t shown.At 9:30, nothing. At 10, nada.We each called at 10:15. I was placed on hold for literally 5 minutes straight, at which point Angela came back on the phone and nonchalantly said "I\'m sorry, buses are running 2 hours late on the east coast. I don\'t have any more information." Frustrated but understandably so, I asked for an Amtrak ticket so my friend could actually make it before morning the next day. She said they don\'t have Amtrak tickets and any other questions?I then asked to speak to a manager. Her level of disregard for any decent semblance of customer service was jaw dropping. She literally kept parroting the same one phrase in response to asking to speak to a manager: "I\'m sorry, we don\'t have any more information." She then put me on hold for a minute with no explanation.Dismally, after asking her name (she only gave me her first name but had given me her last name initially), I asked one last time to speak to a manager. She said "a manager would have no further information" and said "I\'m obligated to disconnect the call." I said I\'d be reporting her and hung up.Megabus, you are he WORST COMPANY I HAVE *EVER* dealt with. Not Comcast. Not the DMV. Not other government agencies. No one. YOU.It\'s still 11pm and the bus just arrived but it\'s being cleaned and the Megabus site says it left 15 minutes ago. Are they serious right now?Trust me, I\'ll be shouting this from the digital rooftops and hope Megabus burns in the bankruptcy hell it deserves. AVOID, even if it means walking to NYC. You\'ll get there faster and you won\'t nearly die of a hemorrhage from your blood pressure shooting through the roof.', 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': 'If I could rate this company 0 stars I would. This company is so greedy that they will overbook your bus, and make you pay extra to get on the next one. I bought a 2:30pm ticket for $39, arrived 20 minutes early, and they filled the bus before I could get on. When I pay for a reserved seat on a bus I expect to have it. Instead this company let someone else have my seat that I paid for 3 days in advance. When I tried to discuss it with the coordinator of the lines he brushed me off and told me to call customer service if I had any problems.', 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': 'Neither wifi nor power outlets worked.They charged me a an extra \'peak fare\' ticket for having a second piece of luggage even though half the bus was empty. The luggage handler asked me to pay the penalty. When I offered my credit card he asked if I had cash. I did, so I gave him cash. As I was boarding, the ticket checker rudely yelled at me to pay him the penalty. I told him I had already paid the luggage handler but he said I had to pay HIM and get a receipt. I had to go get my cash back from the luggage handler who was clearly trying to pocket the money for himself and went to pay the ticket checker with my credit card. Utterly unprofessional.I emailed customer service and after 5 days, "Andrea" sent me a canned response about wifi not being guaranteed (why is it advertised on the website and printed on the bus in big bold letters then?) and that extra luggage is subject to a fee. My issue wasn\'t the fee, it was the sleazy/rude treatment by the luggage handler and ticket checker.', 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "Well, it got me where I was going. \xa0The plug ins at my seat worked. \xa0Got to sit by myself on the way back to NYC (which was fun & needed for me). \xa0It was my first experience on a bus & I rode on the top level both ways, which was kind of fun. \xa0Not the cleanest place (the bathrooms aren't the nicest smelling & Amtrak has bigger ones) but I've probably dealt with worse.", 'stars': '3.0'}
{'review': 'I\'ve used Megabus since "the Beginning"...I even told everybody (and their Mama) about it when they expanded to CA (BEFORE them ending that CA service and now having had reStarted service here)POINT: They have always been pretty good EXCEPT this passed Aug when I was in NYC! They are NOT the most ON TIME DRIVERS there and coupling that with the Customer Service Representatives.....you just want to Jump out of your skin!The Customer Service representatives are, I\'m sure not, paid much and are probably people that have little to No formal training regarding phone etiquette but Come ON...I was hung up on twice and I believe it\'s because they simply didn\'t know the answer to the questions Or did not want to take the trouble to ask a manager/dispatcher to check the GPS tracking system to see Where in the World my Mom was between CT and NY. Needless to say, it was FRUSTRATINGGGGG and Megabus has given me a Free trip anywhere it goes and for that I am grateful and will "deal with them again". NOTE: I do know this is a "cheap" ride but if you have "energy" to read the below, you\'ll see that I would have just paid the $100 round trip Airfare between the 2 states Instead of having this HEADACHE.....So in a nutshell: Go if you want Cheap...but Not if you just Have to been somewhere on time! MegaBus is the BEST when it\'s "good" and the WORST when it\'s "bad"!*********************TALE of WOE ( I sent the below to the Complaints tab and now have a 1 way ticket anywhere):Hello.This bus was very late. I started calling Megabus after receiving this email:Dear LaShondaXXXX,Please be advised that there has been a schedule change to your reservation with megabus.com. Your reservation \xa0 Hartford, CT, Columbus Blvd between Morgan & Talcott St.(HAR) to \xa0New York, NY, 7th Ave and 27th St(NEW) at 11:30 \xa0on 03 August 2015 \xa0will now be departing at 90 minutes later than your departure time.I called by Mom (XXyears old and does not have or know how to operate a smartphone) to let her know about the above. My Mom understood and aimed to get there at 12noon (an hour earlier than the above note)Around noon I called to make sure of the timing and such and after 7 calls to Megabus I was Highly disappointed that each Customer Service Rep, except the last knew what was going on.FIRST CALL: Man told me bus had picked up my Mom but he wasn\'t sure what time and what it\'s location was. I would have to call back in 20 minutes since he would track it through GPS and put it on the screen so that when I called back the Rep answering the call could let me know where the bus wasSECOND CALL: The bus in 20 minutes from the stop; therefore, your Mom was \xa0Not picked up (WHAT???)THIRD CALL: The Woman hung up on meFOURTH CALL: We are Not able to see anything through GPSFIFTH CALL: We don\'t know, the bus took off at 11:30a, as scheduled. (WHAT??)SIXTH CALL: There\'s a typo in the system, that bus did Not take off at 11:30a...We don\'t know Where it is.SEVENTH CALL (2:48p): That bus dropped off the passengers. (WHAT???? So my XXyr old Mom, with "bad knees" and No cell phone was dropped off and is wondering Where I am??) I ask the Woman, who I think is Elizabeth, to Please Please Please go check, look at this Supposed GPS, took to the Manager, Dispatcher, ANYONE since this is my 7th call....After 10+ minutes of hold time she returns and says: Ma\'am, no she is still on the bus, the bus IS now in NYC.Needless to say, the above are Just the Highlights to this "craziness".The last 2 Reps said: Yes, you\'ll be definitely getting a refund for all of this worry and aggravation....and YES! I DO WANT MY MONEY BACK. Not a voucher, my Money returned.If there\'s any questions, Please call anytime: xxxxxxxxxx', 'stars': '2.0'}
{'review': "My Experience with Megabus was surprisingly very pleasant!Not sure if I was extremely lucky or what but After reading reviews, I was a little concerned.I had planned a round trip to Philadelphia from NYC and wanted everything to go smooth -And it did. I arrived to the station 15 minutes before the leaving time and was boarded and on the road perfectly on time. I got to the destination also on time and on the way back was the same!The seats were comfy enough for a two hour bus ride and for the price you pay (I paid 22$ for two people round trip),It's definitely worth it.I will be riding with megabus again.", 'stars': '5.0'}
{'review': 'Lots of wandering MegaBus branded employees with no clear communication, direction, or organization to this location. We asked 5 different employees where we should stand in line for \xa0the \xa0DC bus and got 5 different answers. Lucky I spoke for a 6th time and barely made it on the bus.', 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "The Mega Bus is a nice cheap way to travel. The rates are usually very good, sometimes you can find a real bargain, like $10 one way! Only complaints would be that the boarding location in NYC is far out of the way (across from Javitz center) and the wifi on the bus works some of the time. Overall I've been happy with the crowd on the bus -- usually quiet college students, or their parents. Haven't seen any large groups traveling together yet. Some of the double decker buses have sunroofs. The front seat on the top over the driver is a great seat for the view, however no leg room, so beware. Overall, the Megabus is a good way to travel on a budget.", 'stars': '4.0'}
{'review': 'If you know you don\'t like Super 8 Motels, don\'t expect them to be great. Mega-bus is basically the Super-8 of bus service. I don\'t have a problem with the lack of customer service, the questionable pick-up and drop-off locations, or even the possibility of mechanical break-down mentioned in other reviews. This review will focus on suspension. On the top level of this double-decker bus, it\'s a bucking bronco! \xa0There is a distinct possibility of becoming motion-sick. I normally never get carsick, but I felt queasy on my return trip from DC to NYC when I sat in one of the reserved seats on the second level right near the front stairs on Mega-Bus. I\'ll admit the double deck is what drew me to this bus line along with the low price and the many departure times to/from DC-NY. I really was fascinated by the prospect of sitting in one of the top level front row seats basically up against the front windshield of this bus -- above the driver. Yes, a front-end collision while in one of these seats would not be good. But what a great view for the trip. And the unlikelihood of a negative outcome seemed worth the risk. I couldn\'t get one of the great seats though. they were already reserved and/or if the trip is first come first serve, I wasn\'t anywhere near the first to be served. I had to settle for a reserved seat behind the front row on my return from DC and on my trip to DC I followed others\' advice to sit on the lower level in the middle of the left side of the bus.I was shocked by the lack of suspension. From the start of my overnight trip from NY to DC, leaving at 12:30 a.m. from the corner of 11th Avenue and 34th street driving into the Lincoln Tunnel -- every single road surface defect, every pothole, bump, road surface joint, and worn surface -- every single one caused a jarring banging noisy response in the Mega-bus suspension system. It was unnerving.Once on the highway where the road surface was generally smoother, it was better - but any time we hit a highway imperfection - again, with the jarring suspension response. So, that was from the lower level of the bus going to DC. I thought; maybe the bus I was on was broken. Let\'s see how the return trip goes.The return bus trip from DC started with the driver examining the left front tire/wheel and bus frame assembly directly in front of us passengers as we waited to board. Then he gets on the phone and calls someone, I assume the dispatcher. This back and forth between the phone and the concerned inspection goes on for about 15 minutes. And then, with no explanation and 10 minutes after the scheduled departure time of 5 p.m., we start to board - no explanation, no nothing. I actually asked the bus driver as I boarded if the wheel was okay. He looked at me and said, "sure." Instead of running to Amtrak or Washington Deluxe bus service, I took my reserved seat on the 2nd level and fastened my seatbelt.Oddly, when the bus pulled out of Union Station 2/3 full, the suspension seemed okay. There were rough knocks at street bumps, but not as bad as on the previous bus ride. Maybe being on the 2nd deck solved the loud suspension knocking noises. There was some pitching and looseness that created some motion sickness, though. And after we stopped at White Marsh in Baltimore and the bus filled to capacity, well, let\'s just say that things got, "interesting." Especially around 40 mph, whenever any depression in the road surface caused the bus to pitch forward, the bus suspension provided no quick dampening effect . Instead, the bus would pitch forward and backward 4 or 5 times - sometimes depending on the road depression - the pitching back and forth would be so violent and \xa0harsh I wasn\'t sure the bus would recover. It was like being on a bucking bronco and not enjoyable, at all.Seems to me with 62 passengers weighing in at about 5 tons, that if 3 tons of passengers are riding on the top-deck, that the center of mass for this vehicle would be so high that no suspension system could easily dampen the resulting pitching motion whenever the bus ran over an uneven road surface. Maybe double-decker buses should be reserved for city sightseeing and limited to 30 mph as the top speed. After all, it\'s all about the view.But, then what do I know? Apparently, this double-decker Mega-bus service is operating between cities all across America.As for me, next time I travel NY-DC; I\'ll be on Amtrak or a single-deck bus. Or in an automobile...Cheers!', 'stars': '2.0'}
{'review': "Now I remember why I never take Megabus.... 1. The wifi isn't working2. Advertised overhead storage doesn't exist meaning that you have to keep your items crammed at your feet3. Claim to have hanging spaces? You mean over everybodys head? Find one person on this bus who is ok with my dress touching them4. I AM GETTING RAINED ON!!!! For TWO HOURS!!! Do they bother to fit the broken window? Nope, it had random napkins to blot it in place. Never again.", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "Well. I gave you three years to earn this star. Well done. -There is no customer service. -Wifi doesn't work 9/10 times. -They are the least friendly people...I actually think that is a requirement to wear the uniform. \xa0-I was on two buses that broke down. -one that got pulled over by the cops for not having AC-they have left or arrived late 80% of the time-they are cheap-you pay for what you get=crap-crap-gutter groping crapYes, I fell into the trap of the price. Many times. I'm in an abusive relationship with this company. It was my go to from NYC to DC. But no more. After this last encounter over my banjo being a carry on and charging me a full fare to stow it underneath, you have lost me. They will do nothing to try to make you happy because they don't need to. You are just a number to them. A couple bucks in a bucket seat. Buyer be very ware. *sits down and dabs mouth with handkerchief", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': 'I would give zero stars if possible. Worst service ever! I ended up paying twice to get to my destination. They run their buses 1 1/2 hours behind schedule. I missed my connection at Boston to Portland, was told by Agent #1 I would get a call back in 30 min because I was "stranded"; call them because I didn\'t get any calls, Agent #2 explains I\'m not stranded because I left 1 and not 2 hours between buses but can get on the next bus for $5 by paying a Megabus Agent or driver (bus drivers don\'t deal with cash); I get to the Megabus Agent at the Boston station, he doesn\'t want to deal with me, so tells me to talk to the connecting Bus Line (Concord); the Concord Agent finally told me, as I suspected, drivers can\'t handle cash & unless Megabus can provide a new reservation #, I would have to purchase new tixs. I coughed up the money & get a call back from Megabus telling me they left me a message. I asked about the $5 policy & he simply explained that applies to other locations than Portland (how convenient). And, when asked why I was sent all over the place, "sorry we will review the calls & re-train our agents. But, we\'re not refunding you anything." Wow!!!! The sad part is, greyhound actually had a better deal, I only went with Megabus because I thought I\'d get there a few hours earlier. Instead I got to chat with Megabus agents, pay an extra $46 and got to my destination later than greyhound.', 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "THE WORST BUS SERVICE! \xa0NEVER NEVER BOOK WITH THEM!I took an earlier bus from NYC top DC. \xa0THE whole trip the AC was on freezing. The whole bus was shivering..And The bus driver rudely ignored me when I Complained complained about it. \xa0I called their office and was told \xa0that they could not turn it off. Cause Its programmed to one setting. So you freeze ppl in summer and roast them in winter?Not worth the money they'll never Get my business againRIDERS BEWARE! \xa0BE VERY AWARE AND RUN TO A BETTER BUS SERVICE! NOT MEGABUS", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "I booked a bus from NYC to Boston and from the start the bus was 90 minutes delayed. This was also a Monday. Way too long to be a normal delay. Book this bus if you don't mind sitting on the pavement for 2 hours prior to boarding", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': 'Last time I take the megabus!Bus was supposed to leave at 2:40, left at about 3:15. No movie. No wifi. Plugs they advertise do not work. Bus goes 15 miles under the speed limit....', 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': 'I saw some other passengers were stranded \xa0waiting for a 9 pm bus from phil to ny - this same thng happened to me and about 3 other persons on april 12. Maybe its the same driver who neglects 6th and market st pick up. We too ran to greyhound and got a 10 pm bus at last minute to ny for $22. So I paid for $7.50 mega ticket and had to shell out another $22 . Megabus got an earful from me and I am going to dispute the credit card charges .. sounds like the driver on the 9 pm run mid week makes a habit out of stranding people but 6th and market is a mandated stop coming and going. I spoke with a manager next day and she stated police blocked off all the streets so the driver could to get through,, pure lies.. police keep traffic going and \xa0not stopped.. this is a disgusting management or here is no supervisor at 9 pm to watch this drive most times I never had this problem- its a supervisory problem and the driver has been getting away with avoiding the second pick up.', 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "Pathetic, extremely rude and inconsiderate staff. Made the two of us buy two more tickets because we were carrying carry on bags with us along with the check in bags, which is apparently not allowed. Instead of being able to pay extra for the bag, the staff made us buy two whole new tickets forth $72 just for the bags and didn't even help us in the process and instead spoke very rudely my to us.", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "Waited for the 6:15 bus from NYC to Albany and it got there at 7:45. Not to mention it was pouring rain the whole time. I understand circumstances allow for a delay or two, but for a business that is a travel industry, they should overcompensate for those delays. Their app should at least have the bus tracker work and give updates, but that doesn't work either.", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': 'Terrible, Awful, Sucks! \xa0Bus was late 20 minutes to pick us up. Drove 15 minutes out of Manhattan and bus broke down, we stopped at a car dealership and had to wait 1/2 hr for another bus to switch. Then it drove to Albany first to end in Syracuse. Why not take Rt. 81? Stupid. A 4 hour trip that took 8 hrs. No refund.', 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "I travel often to Boston from NYC by bus. I usually take the Chinatown bus and always have a better experience than when I travel with megabus. Megabus smells (because of the bathrooms!) and is very inconvenient to get to. \xa0It's located on 34th street all the way on 12th ave which is not near any subway. I usually have to leave over an hour before my bus time to make it on time and get a seat (and I live on the UWS). You also need to factor an extra hour into your trip because it travels all the way back up through Manhattan to get out of the city. \xa0Do yourself a favor and take any other bus company if you can! \xa0It's worth the extra money. Sometimes taking megabus is unavoidable and I regret it every time.", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': 'I have only riden MegaBus twice (Providence to NYC \xa0RT) and both times the experience has been very good... \xa0 \xa0great prices, buses are clean, they leave on schedule. \xa0 \xa0Some of the workers might need some training in customer service and people relations, but the actual bus ride is comfortable and efficient.Lavatories are clean, there are outlets to recharge your phone, nice AC system,....overall a good choice to the Big Apple.', 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': 'Never using megabus again. Stood on the street in the blazing sun for over an hour waiting for my bus. Shitty service and shitty location to board. Same thing for people on the bus that was supposed to leave an hour before mine. Apparently a bus broke down on a prior trip so am really questioning the safety too.', 'stars': '4.0'}
{'review': "I am travelling across the States and wanted to use buses as much as possible. So I booked super cheap tickets from NY to Chicago with Megabus, and only afterwards did I read Yelp reviews. The reviews on Yelp had me stressing like crazy, wondering if I should just write off the money spent on bus tickets and book a airfare instead. But I'm so glad I didn't succumb to the fear-mongering reviews, and took the bus trip anyway.Yes, the Megabus bus stop is not covered, and yes, it was raining. Did I care? No. I brought an umbrella. The workers at the stop were super helpful, advising me on luggage restrictions and where to find the stop for Chicago. The bus arrived 20 minutes before scheduled departure, and our lady bus driver was lovely. The bus itself was clean and comfortable, we got the seats on the upper level right at the front, so our view of the snowfall as we drove through Pennsylvania was beautiful. Admittedly, the Wi-Fi was spotty, but tbh I didn't mind. It was an overnight bus anyway so I slept most of the way. We arrived in Chicago right on time.I took a Greyhound later on in my trip from Nashville to New Orleans and I must say I actually prefer the Megabus experience. On the Greyhound, you make stops exclusively at Greyhound stations where the only food available is from vending machines or the gross 'restaurants.' And you HAVE to get off the bus and wait inside while they refuel or load luggage etc. When you're on an overnight trip trying to sleep and you're constantly having to get on and off the bus, it can be frustrating. Alternatively, with Megabus, the bus makes intermittent stops at gas stations where you can get coffee and snacks, and where there are generally food outlets as well. It is also optional to get off the bus. If you want to stay inside and continue to sleep while the bus is refueled, you have that choice.I really enjoyed my experience with Megabus. It was an inexpensive mode of travel, and a really nice way to see some of the American landscape, as opposed to flying. From my personal experience, I would recommend Megabus over Greyhound for sure.", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': 'NEVER TAKE THIS BUS! Stuck in Boston because I booked a ticket for a bus that doesn\'t exist. The customer service reps are liars... Kept telling us our bus was coming in "20 more minutes", for the past 4 hours. Now they tell us we have to rebook to the next morning instead. THEY LIED TO US ALL NIGHT. This bus was never going to come at all. Don\'t book with them, ever. They just mess with you until it\'s past the point where you have any further options.', 'stars': '5.0'}
{'review': 'I stopped taking MegaBus a few years ago because, well, "you get what you pay for..." \xa0But this needs to be said:The last time I took MegaBus from NYC to Boston, on the corner of the waiting area in NYC, there was a knife fight. \xa0MegaBus is too CHEAP to pay for indoor pickup, so their waiting areas are in the most dangerous parts of New York City. \xa0When I called to complain and report it, their customer service knew NOTHING of the event and also could have cared less for customer safety. \xa0Since then, I have completely switched to using Greyhound. \xa0And I never looked back...', 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': 'I have taken Megabus in the past and have had lukewarm feelings about it. It has been late a few times and an absolute ice box during summer travel.But, I have to say, they are way more organized than Bolt Bus which is always a hot mess when it comes to boarding the bus as we bum rush the driver who has no patience for this nonsense. So more organized check-in means we leave relatively on time which is great. The bus is nice and warm. The seats are comfortable and the ride is smooth. Plus, I get a better view on the second level of their double decker bus since I cannot sleep on buses. Overall, good experience this time around.', 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "Of course it's cheaper than greyhound. But I prefer to pay double and not die. The driver was very bad and not at all polite", 'stars': '3.0'}
{'review': "Anyone who gives them more than one star is lucky. I've taken megabus half a dozen times, and it's worse every time. It's usually late leaving, and late arriving. And the best part of the bus (Wi-Fi, electrical) usually doesn't work. Most recently (3/15/2016 @ 3:30pm, NYC to DC), we all stood in the cold and the rain staring at our bus for 30 minutes, waiting for incompetent and rude employees to get out (they were inside, warm, joking around) and let us in. The bus is freezing, but don't worry, the driver claims that she can't adjust thetemperature, so we're lucky that we're cold and wet.Then, for the next 5 hours, we listened to our bus driver talking on her phone, having an argument with her boyfriend about why he wants to go to Ocean City without her. Apparently, she can't financially afford to pay for the entire thing herself, and he doesn't want to gowith her if he has to pay. He only wanted to go if she could pay for it. But he was gonna go anyway with his friends, even though in that case he'd pay half. I think she just wasn't getting that he wanted to go with his friends. Anyway, she was mad about it, and the language that she was using was not appropriate for the many children that were on the bus (actually, yelp won't let me type them, either). Also, she started eating this huge sandwich while driving. Not like a little square sandwich. Like a huge subway sandwich. She was driving withher elbows. But she didn't crash, which I guess makes her a really good driver, since she was arguing with her boyfriend with one hand, and munching a sandwich with the other. She swerved into other lanes, but those drivers had the good sense to stay out of our way.It's just terrible. There are other buses that leave out of 42nd St, and more close by, like Bolt. \xa0Scroll down this page if you don't believe me, and take some other bus company.", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "Brace yourself for delays! Also don't believe their promises of Wifi and power outlets. I've yet to ride a bus that had working Wifi, and the power outlets work about 50% of the time.Megabus used to be the only Northeast region bus I could take to my home town, and it used to be affordable. Nowadays I only ride Megabus when I'm absolutely desperate and can't use my own car. \xa0In the past couple of years, price of tickets on the NYC to Pittsburgh line has doubled per ride, even if you buy them well in advance. Even searching the schedule FAR in advance, it's nearly impossible to find tickets that are less than $45 one way; so much for boasting the famous $1.00 ticket. It's much cheaper to pay for the one tank of gas it takes to get to Pittsburgh.When making plans, make sure to factor in at least an extra two hours for Megabus delays. \xa0I can't remember the last time I or a family member rode a bus that arrived less than one hour late. Two hours late seems to be the new standard. As I type, my mom is sitting stranded at the rest stop because her bus's battery died (which is why I was compelled to write this review). Apparently the profits from their raised ticket prices for a seat in their sardine can of a bus doesn't cover the costs of regularly changing old and faulty batteries.The more Megabus grows as a company, the more you'd think they'd get their act together. But as they become more popular, it seems as if their service is going down the toilet.", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': 'You get what you Pay for... Horrible and disorganized . Chaos and mayhem .. Costumers yelling and fighting with bus workers ... Buses leaving late . Hated it ..', 'stars': '2.0'}
{'review': 'Took megabus for first time from Philadelphia to NYC. \xa0Before even boarding the bus they charged us $20 for extra bags even though we only had one carry on bag each. In their terms and conditions they do not give actual dimensions of a carry on bag only "suggested" sizes so that\'s a setup and we were victims of that setup. \xa0Also, they charged us for the extra bags three times on our credit card, we are now disputing the other charges. Finally, the driver, while we were stuck in traffic, decided to get inot a road rage fight with another driver trying to signal into the lane. \xa0 Do yourself a favor and try another bus line, this one is the worst !', 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': 'Let me get this out of the way- I automatically assume that ALL bus companies will have unacceptable issues with mechanical problems, constantly being late, failure to deliver services promised... etc.Megabus stands out for me because in addition to all of these failures it continues to hire an unending procession of unwashed cretins to staff it\'s bus services. I wouldn\'t trust these people to plan a 4 year old\'s birthday party. The customer service is horrendous, the handlers/managers NEVER communicate with the passengers in line during their numerous, thorough, well documented failures to deliver the service that you have purchased! The last time I left New york my bus was an hour late, the morons around me who apparently didn\'t learn in pre-school how to form a line were so backed up that they were practically standing in 12th ave traffic in the pouring rain- and not a SINGLE PEEP from the employees of megabus as to "WTF"?! They were busy smoking and laughing up front. When I got to the front of the line the Megabus "supervisor" was someone of a great big magnitude, which might explain why he sat on his a$$ in his chair and did NOTHING for an hour as customer after customer ran around like headless chickens trying to figure out what the heII was going on. This is not a circumstance of the job, it\'s awful personell management. It would have taken absolutely minimal effort to walk the line and let usknow about the utter failure of their buses to stay on schedule. They couldn\'t even manage that.', 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': 'Its CONVENIENT. But NO WI FI. I repeat ... NO WI FI.I told the company that it was false advertising to say that they provide "free wi" when you cannot get any on the ride. They were not sympathetic at all. Use for convenience .. but you know what I\'m about to say ... NO WI FI.', 'stars': '2.0'}
{'review': "Took the bus from DC to NYC. No problem, really. The wifi didn't work of course. Why advertise it so much if it doesn't work?My problems began with the return trip. The bus stop was horrendous. It was dirty and absolutely disgusting. The staff just sat around talking amongst themselves and on their phones. I asked one of them a simple question and he seemed appalled and answered it in a not so nice manner. The line was wrapped AROUND the block. It was 4:45 and the 4:30 bus still had not shown up. I went early to make sure I could find the bus stop alright. Due to this, people from the 4:30 and 5:00 AND 5:30 bus were all mixed in and no one knew where to go or what to do. There was a reserved seats line but it was so confusing that everyone just split into two lines. I went back at 6:20 for my 7:00 bus. When 7:00 rolled around, the 6:30 STILL had not shown up. At 7:10, the 6:00 bus showed up and the 7:00 bus made it's entrance at 7:30. Keep in mind that people from various bus schedules are mixed in. People from 6:30, 7, 7:30, AND 8 were waiting and mixed in. When it came to boarding, it was very inefficient because of this fact. Our bus driver on the return trip to DC, I think his name was Bryant, was super sweet and nice so his demeanor made up somewhat for the horrible delay. Again, the wifi didn't work and this time the bathroom was so nasty that our bus driver and an attendant from the stop had to clean it and restock it before we left due to a passenger complaint. Megabus needs to redo it's scheduling to make up for delays. Traffic or whatever the excuse, they are getting paid to factor that into their tickets and scheduling system. They promise express service and free wifi so they need to deliver on that!!", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "So I've ridden the Megabus many times. I have to say that yesterday was unorganized chaos on West 34th Street. There are a lot of buses departing from that one block. The reason for the one star was the 6:30 bus to Baltimore's heat was broken! I realize the tickets are cheap but this does not constitute a clean and comfortable ride in my book.", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "Absolute chaos. \xa0Hundreds of people everywhere...Every bus was late...Not good.Finally got on a relatively uncrowded bus to Boston and was comfortable. \xa0But as others have said, many of the power outlets don't work. \xa0Really simple things like this can make or break a customer's experience. \xa0Get it right, guys!The worst part about the whole experience was that the location for pickup to Boston (and a few other places like Albany, Pittsburgh, etc.) was all together in some weird spot at 10th/41st. \xa0Terrible spot to pickup - and no one from Megabus knew what was going on.Total chaos. \xa0But the ride itself wasn't bad.", 'stars': '2.0'}
{'review': 'On a bus from Washington DC to NYC which was supposed to be arriving in NYC at 9:50 \xa0but instead we arrived at a shady rest stop at 9:50pm on the NJ Turnpike in order to switch drivers; the driver informed us it would just take a few minutes but the bus did not leave the rest stop until 10:45 because the relieve driver was late. If your estimated arrival time was at 9:50pm then us the passengers should be arriving around this time and not almost an hour and thirty minutes later especially since the bus did not get stuck in traffic at any time. The bus driver was not very helpful and had no answers for us. This is not okay and there should be more communication with the passengers with what is going on. This is my first time using MegaBus and it has been a lengthy and irritating experience.', 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "This Megabus had internet (though it was slower than dial up) and more-importantly, it had working power outlets. \xa0The ride was comfortable. \xa0This bus had lots of litter shoved between the seats and walls. \xa0It's a LONG walk from Penn Station to the bus area, so plan for it!", 'stars': '3.0'}
{'review': "Cannot begin to explain how awful this bus service is. Avoid it at all costs. I've taken the Toronto line from Manhattan a handful of times and it's at least an hour late every time. The bus stop is outside so prepare to wait in brutally cold weather if you're traveling during the winter time. It's worth the extra money to take Greyhound. Other viable options are to take a cab, uber, walk, dogsled, really anything but Megabus.", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "On the way back. Still no wifi. This time it exist in theory, but it's so bad it doesn't work if you connect. Tried on multiple devices and OS's. Megabus does not offer actual wifi. Take the BoltBus, Chinatown bus, or anything else.", 'stars': '2.0'}
{'review': "Customer service was subpar. It was 90 degrees outside when I used the service and the air conditioner was not cooling the bus. No air was coming out of vents located over the seats. The smell of the refuse in the bathroom was in the air every time door was opened. Never riding this again. I'll pay for an airline train or other bus service ticket.", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "So this is a tricky review because it's like rating a company with various outlets that each have their own employees which have their own style and quality of service. What I must say is I've been using MegaBus since it first started chartering buses to Boston. Prices are usually pretty ideal except holiday season can ding you but it's still the better option upon consideration. Driving is usually fine and time is usually within reason. Obviously traffic is traffic but I must say I've never had a horror story with a late bus. I was given a free bus ticket due to a 90+ min wait for a bus in Philly around midnight. Not the end of the world but a nice gesture I thought. In particular the stops in Philly and NYC are a cluster and should be improved. The staff can be a little testy/rude. Hey, I know it's New York and there's a lot of stuff going on but would it kill you to be a little polite. I've had mostly good experiences with MegaBus and don't see any reason to stop using their services (unless I started making more money and can afford to take trains haha) Boston stop is on point. Typically well managed, politely staffed, etc.", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': 'MegaBus is a joke compared to Bolt. Never on time, always more expensive, idiotic staff, and disorganized structure. I will only take Mega over Bolt if I ABSOLUTELY have to. I hope I never have to again.', 'stars': '2.0'}
{'review': "NYC to Phladelphia.Not that bolt is necessarily better, but the bus came 45 minutes late (if you're 90% certain that it's going to be that late--why advertise the schedule as such?) and took off another 15 minutes after..why? because they were already close to the next departure time...Internet...pfft...they're better off advertising that there is none...during the 2 hour ride it worked (if you can call it that) for about 3 minutes...but when it did it was slower than a 56k setup so by the time a site half loaded up your connection was gone.The only plus is that there are outlets and plenty of seating. Oh and the bus didn't smell like a stale musty urinal...Maybe I'm asking for too much, but if you advertise a departure time--at least try to make it half the time, and don't advertise free wifi if it barely works...EVER...it just makes people feel cheated.", 'stars': '3.0'}
{'review': "I live in New York City and I have family in DC and now Harrisburg. I'm also pretty broke so I take the bus a fair amount. And I liked Megabus mainly because of the variety of seating and the fact that you can get a front window seat at the top of the bus (though it now costs extra which honestly makes sense)HOWEVER. I recently took a trip from Philly to New York City. I had my Microsoft Surface and my Samsung galaxy with me. If you are in the very front at the top, which I was, you should know that there is a ledge that looks super handy if you don't want to keep your belongings on the floor. I placed my tablet up there because I wasn't using it. At some point, I heard a noise that sounding like something crashing but I didn't see anything crash so I thought nothing of it. Then a little later I realized my tablet was missing. I put two and two together and looked at the ledge. There is a gap between the ledge and the front windshield which is just big enough for a table to fall through but just small enough that you can't get your hand in there. So I figured it had fallen. But I wasn't sure and I couldn't rule out that maybe someone had stolen it. So in my panic I rigged up my phone to be gently lowered into the crevice with the video running so I could see if it had actually fallen. Perhaps unsurprisingly, the phone fell as well just as I was about the get it out.Yes, I am kind of an idiot. Yes, I shouldn't keep expensive tech stuff just lying around. Yes, I shouldn't have been so cavalier with my phone.When the bus stopped, the bus driver was super helpful, truly. Said it happens all the time (which seems more embarrassing for megabus than its riders). But he said he couldn't do anything. Mechanics had to get it out overnight. He radioed two different people to tell them what happened. Wrote down the bus number and two customer service numbers. Wished me luck. I made an official report the next day with Megabus. Thought I would get it back within a couple days. WRONG.Got an email saying they couldn't find my phone. No mention of a tablet. And if I had any questions I should just respond to the email. I don't think it's too much to expect a phone number to follow up with. So I responded to the email yesterday morning and haven't heard back. Tried reaching out to the customer service reps again. They told me there was nothing they could do and no higher up they could transfer me to. Reached out on twitter, same thing. Facebook, same. There is apparently no manager I can talk to and apparently no one is allowed to give out the phone number for the lost and found department. No apologies. No admission of any kind of fault. I admit that I shoulder a lot of the blame in this case. But I don't think it's too much to ask that the company shoulder some as well for what is clearly a huge design flaw in their busses. And maybe at least pretending to care would go a long way as well.If I can help it AT ALL, I will never ride with megabus again. And I recommend you do the same.", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': 'O.K., time to update my Megabus review. After the horror story described in my first review, I took the Megabus several more times the following summer while lab-ratting for Big Pharma. While not perfect, the 4,500 miles I spent on board were better overall.The GOOD:- Cheapest fares around, which in turn cause Greyhound to follow suit wherever they share a route.- Decent amenities: the bus stops frequently enough (but not so much that it\'s annoying), usually at Love\'s or a similar truck stop w/restaurant inside. Buses are usually clean enough.- Drivers overall have been professional and know how to handle bad weather, etc, responsibly.- Central drop-off points: Aside from Baltimore\'s remote White Marsh location (and a sketchy stop in Little Rock), other cities I\'ve gone to had centralized, safe locations near city bus terminals. This includes Chicago, Knoxville, Cincinnati, Indianapolis, Memphis, Atlanta, Birmingham, Dallas, Philly, DC, Lexington. - If you can get the upper deck front seat, the view is sweet!- The driver called police to arrest a nighttime groper after he refused to leave the bus in Champaign, IL. I hope he had bail money!The SO-SO:- Not all buses have outlets, especially on routes operated by affiliates.- Occasional routes handled by affiliates (i.e. LakeFront Lines spanning from Columbus, OH)- A few odd routes based on demand: example - there is no Megabus from Memphis to Knoxville on I-40 due to low demand, so you have take a bus from Memphis to Atlanta to Knoxville.- No service connecting the West Coast to central U.S.- Sometimes the waiting line can be disorganized.- Some buses have a dim, overhead light that never goes out ("and if a double-decker bus"...sorry), which is annoying at night.- The new Greyhound buses are roomier and nicer (but a few old ones remain from their darker, pre-Megabus days)- Going long distances requires putting together separate, shorter routes, which can be good or bad depending on your schedule and geography skills.- Not as nice as Boltbus or Vamoose.- Some of Greyhound\'s shadier clientele have caught word of Megabus. Fortunately, both companies are tolerating less bullsh*t on their buses, which is a good thing.- Outdoor waiting areas (often roofless) reduce costs but leave you exposed to the elements.The BAD:- One time in Memphis, the line got straight-up ghetto. Moral of the story: don\'t stand in a line just because everyone else is, because the bus may pull up around the corner instead. ;)- Female driver in the above situation wasn\'t much better.The FUNNY:- The thought of the nighttime groper stranded in jail between Chicago and Memphis.The IRRELEVANT:- Lack of Wi-Fi in rural areas: People need to quit blaming the bus companies for such infrastructural problems and write their Congressmen instead.Also, Megabus let me use my free ticket for a round trip between Dallas and Atlanta.So, Megabus isn\'t perfect, but they are competition for Greyhound. This has made bus travel as an industry cheaper and more enjoyable. Don\'t hesitate to use them.', 'stars': '2.0'}
{'review': "I've taken Megabus plenty of times and had both pretty good and awful experiences.Some of the bad:-Always delayed on buses after 11am. Always.-Wifi never works.-If you arrive early at your bus stop and want to leave on an earlier bus, you have to pay a $5 fee.Some of the good:-If you book early enough in advance, there actually $1 seats. You'll have to pay at least $7 to go anywhere on bolt bus.Obviously, the bad outweighs the good but I'm really cheap when it comes to transportation and Megabus is the cheapest without sacrificing my safety (ahem...fung-wah).", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': 'NYC to BOS, wish I had looked closer at reviews...yup they drove thought the entirety of Manhattan which took over an hour in of itself...why would any sane person do this? \xa0They would not, but the only logical conclusion is that Megabus is too cheap to pay the tolls and would rather waste your time...(sigh) the search for a decent bus company from NYC - BOS continues...btw of going NYC - DC take Vamoose, a good service with friendly staff', 'stars': '4.0'}
{'review': 'FRAUDULENT CHARGES IN CREDIT CARD I have had pleasant Experiences as a Passenger on Megabus a handful of times and generally figured that "you get what you pay for" so never bothered to complain. However, I now feel obligated to complain after I had to cancel my credit card due to fraudulent charges. This sketchy activity was reported house after changing megabus reservations over the phone. After speaking with Megabus\' rep I was told to stay on the line to "take a survey" and receive a rebate. After exchanging some personal information with the "survey" taker I hung up the phone. Hours later, someone had coincidentally tried to make charges on my account. Needless to say, I\'m taking GreyHound!!!!!!!', 'stars': '2.0'}
{'review': "I've taken Megabus more than once from NYC to DC and Philly more than once. I must say it does suck, but then it's just the mode of transportation. \xa0They're subject to more delays and unreliability. \xa0I don't think it's been on-time to destination, but that's not really their fault if traffic is bad due to a holiday or some random gas tanker exploding on the highway, or an overturned truck filled with nails \xa0losing its load. I hate how these buses always clog up the streets slowing down city traffic for our city buses and foot traffic on the sidewalks. \xa0Isn't that why we have the Port Authority Bus terminal? \xa0The bus ride itself is alright and the wi-fi is slow. \xa0However, for those short regional trips, it doesn't make sense to commute to and from the airport and go through security when it would take you just as much time to take the bus. I hate the bus, but it's the most logical choice when you consider the choices of driving yourself, airplane and taking the megabus.", 'stars': '3.0'}
{'review': 'I actually like their bus service. They arrived at the pickup location early, and left promptly at the scheduled time. Both drop off times were a little late but that was due to NYC traffic. Both my drivers seemed nice and professional. They also had clean bathrooms, fans and power outlets. Their lines in NYC do need to be more clearly labeled where reserve ends and starts since some lady started an argument with me. She told me I needed to go back to the very end of the line even though I had a reserved seat. The bus service is good but the people riding is questionable.', 'stars': '4.0'}
{'review': "I've taken mega bus from New York to Boston and vice versa several times. They falsely advertise more expensive but quicker journeys. I've never taken this bus where it hasn't arrived at least an hour behind. I'm currently on one right now, we were supposed to be in midtown Manhattan 40mins ago. As infuriating as that is its worsened by the fact we were so close to the west side highway yet the driver took us over the Washington bridge and were in traffic in New Jersey!!!! Do not travel with these people and do not pay more money for a quicker bus, it's all bullshit!", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "For the love of God do not step foot on megabus. You'd actually do better on foot. I don't know if the bus is so slow because it's so big or what but I think we are doing a cool 40mph in the express lane being passed by literally thousands of cars in the other lanes. If you want your trip to take twice as long as it should then by all means get on board. I'm actually not sure which is slower, the bus itself or the wifi that is 100% useless. The bathroom was broken which was uncomfortable for most on a 6 hour ride(that should only have been 4 hours).", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "I'm on a mega now \xa0DC to NYC. I read 200 bad reviews yesterday and was really stressed. \xa0This bus is Zen. I mean it. Easy line at union station. Left on time. \xa0Smooth ride \xa0 Good temp in bus. \xa0Sitting on top level and I am sooooo relaxed. \xa0So much better than a plane. \xa0OMG. \xa0No security no expensive taxis no turbulence. No 3 ounce containers. No 9 buck drinks. (Bring yours on bus. BYOB). \xa0No one is loud or on their cells. \xa0No tv. It's very quite and peaceful. \xa0I LOVE it! \xa0 Honestly I could not feel more relaxed if I had a 90 minute massage. \xa0I love Mega and will never y to NYC again. \xa0My trip is not so cheap because I waited till last min. $40 going and $17 returning. \xa0$60 total. \xa0But no taxi fees. Took metro. Red line. And much cheaper than train or plane. \xa0I understand you can really get cheap rides. \xa0How fun! \xa0Seriously flying always stresses me. \xa0This bus ride is heaven.", 'stars': '5.0'}
{'review': 'My first megabus experience was a trip from Baltimore to NY in July. The White Marsh pickup location is an empty parking lot. Which means that when the Megabus is 2 hours late and it\'s 90 degrees, you have no shade, no water and no bathroom. Since the late start caused us to hit rush hour traffic, the trip was over four hours longer than originally scheduled. Apparently if the bus is over an hour late they are supposed to give you a free ride, but nobody on my bus was able to successfully obtain this offer. The bus ride itself was fairly comfortable and I encountered little trouble on my return trip, aside from the NYC pick up spot being in a rather inconvenient spot. This month I travelled from DC (Union Station) to NYC. The initial trip went smoothly but by the time we were leaving NY there was a good amount of snow and the outdoor bus stop was obviously uncomfortable. Buses were running late due to the weather but nobody from Megabus could give us an estimate of how long it would be. Passengers awaiting the 6:00, 6:40 and 7:00 buses were basically told to form one line and were getting pretty aggressive as those taking earlier buses tried to push ahead. The Megabus staff again were useless in helping to organize this mess. Eventually I felt pretty certain that frostbite was setting in, so I stepped out of line, ran to the nearby convention center to warm up in the lobby and basically said "oh well, I guess I live here now". About 20 minutes later, the bus showed up and I was able to run across the street and catch it. The ride was fine after that. Basically, as much as it pisses me off, I keep riding Megabus because its cheaper than other modes of transportation. Definitely wouldn\'t count on it if you need to be somewhere at a particular time or if you have a short temper when asked to wait in line in adverse weather conditions for long periods of time. They are also terrible at communicating when there are delays.', 'stars': '2.0'}
{'review': "Really better than A-OK, but certainly not a 4-star experience. Still, this is not a negative review.Pros:* The buses are clean.* The prices are cheap, sometimes insanely so. My last-minute bus (NY to Boston) cost $8. Ok, it was a red-eye, but still.* Sometimes the wi-fi works, sometimes very well (I'm using it right now, and it's faster than my Verizon Mi-Fi)* The online reservation system works fine, and you don't even have to print out your res.* For the popular routes, there are a lot of departure times available.Cons:* The boarding area in NY is outside, on a deserted block, in the middle of nowhere. In bad weather, it's awful.* The onsite staffer did not volunteer to help anyone, and she never identified herself. You had to know who she was, and any Megabus insignia was almost invisible. She was polite, but she was useless.* There was no signage, so no one knew which line was which. It was dark and chaotic. (BTW, the signs were on-site, but no one bothered to put them in front of the buses. The chaos was totally unnecessary.)* Sometimes the wi-fi doesn't work. You can't count on this service. That's not Megabus's fault, but it can be a headache.* Sometimes there are no outlets, especially if they send a smaller Dattco bus. Again, don't count on this service.* The temperature is tough to please everyone. Dress in layers.", 'stars': '3.0'}
{'review': 'Tips:- Buy early.- You can change your reservations on their website (on the bottom of the Search & Buy box) for a small fee of around $1. You just can\'t change it day of, but I can\'t tell you how many times I\'ve bought tickets in the wrong direction and had to change it!). - It\'s a toss up whether or not the drivers will allow you to get on an earlier or late bus. It depends on how crowded the bus is and how much the ticket checker has up his/her butt.- You don\'t have to print out your ticket, as you can probably show the ticket guy your code on your phone or w/e. - PROS:Routes: Slowly turning into the modern day Greyhound. Megabus started out going from big city A to big city B but smartened up and started going to college towns...that\'$ where the big money i$! For colleges in the middle of nowhere, this is a great option for a weekend trip for decent price and comfort. It\'s also a great option for those too poor to fly (college me) and willing to sit on your butt for 5+ hours. Ex: I used to take the bus between Pittsburgh and NYC (I know. Approx. 7 hours). Megabus has taken to stopping at colleges (in this case, Penn State) along these big city routes. Such a good idea.Ticket Prices: ($1-$30 one way) If you happen to need to go somewhere on a weekday or during some obscene hour of the night, Megabus has insanely cheap tickets for the less popular routes. Unfortunately, they hike up the weekend and holiday prices to around $25, and you can get a much better experience with BoltBus for that kind of money. I\'ve never encountered the elusive $1 ticket, but $3 ones will do just as well!CONS:Bus: The only mainstream bus company I know that consistently puts out double decker buses. Which is nice because they have more tickets to sell, but not so nice because it\'ll take you an eternity to get off the damn bus if you\'re on the second deck. Also I find that the top of the bus sways a lot. Delays: Always delayed. The bus rarely leaves on time and I\'ve left late several times because my or a previous bus broke down. Location: Megabus has managed to \'rent out\' a huge parking lot to herd all their cows in while we wait on line. They\'ve gotten better at this, but there is rarely any sign-age for which line is what so you\'re stuck asking strangers where they\'re going and the useless employees where to go. All the megabus locations I\'ve been to (NYC, Boston, DC, Pittsburgh, etc) are outdoors. The NYC one is especially terrible due to the sheer number of people waiting and getting off buses. The block they rent out sometimes doesn\'t even have parking space for all of their buses -- upon entering NYC my buses have often needed to circle around the block a couple of times during busy hours.Wifi/Outlets: Wi-fi cops out most of the time (the drivers will tell you they have no control over it), and outlets are broken 50% of the time. Customer Service: During the terrible snowy winter of 2010-2011, Megabus has cancelled several of my bus routes. Instead of giving you an automatic refund, you\'ll have to email asking for one and the refund takes forever to be credited. They also give the option to change your reservations. They insist that you call in, but when dozens of bus routes are cancel you can imagine how long you\'ll have to be on hold for that to happen. Then one saint of a customer service rep told me that you can change your reservations ONLINE. During one particular trip to Pittsburgh, megabus failed to say that my bus was cancelled due to snow. I was waiting with several other people at 6am at the bus only to not have it show up for 2 hours. There was no customer service available because their phone lines open at around 8am. Come sunrise, a Megabus strode past us told us the bus was cancelled without an "I\'m sorry" and left us with nowhere to go but home. Safety: syracuse.com/news/index.', 'stars': '2.0'}
{'review': 'Took the Megabus NYC-Boston route in Mid-April & all went exactly as planned/expected. Price was fair, departure was a bit late, driver was safe, seat was comfortable (ordered top front seat expecting some scenery) and ride was uneventful. Boston drop off, at train station, is very convenient for follow-on travel to the suburbs.', 'stars': '5.0'}
{'review': "Booked 830am bus to Rhode Island. $10 ticket, $3 reserve a seat, $1.50 booking fee. While waiting on line got email, bus cancelled, next one 11am. Got a Peter PanBus at Port Authority leaving earlier. Called Cust Service for refund, we can't help you, email what happened. Next day called again, refund ok. Wrote to President of Company, got email offering 1 way ticket, just give this number. Just tried to book a seat, after 15 mins I was told I have to email why I got a free ticket. By the way, they only credited $10, when I called was told the $3 was to reserve a seat, even though the bus was cancelled and there was no seat. HORRIBLE, I will stay with Bolt or Peter Pan.", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "Writing this review on my first and already THE WORST trip on Megabus. Not only did I have to walk 4 more AVENUES than I would've had I taken Bolt, but I didn't even get to board until 3:45, way after the 3:00 pm departure I paid for. I can imagine it must've been worse for the 2:40 crowd because they boarded at the same time I did.Apparently we're making a stop at Baltimore even though there was absolutely NO mention of it when I bought my ticket. There's no rest stop either so I'm going to be starving throughout this trip because I decided not to get food on my way so I wouldn't be late.Outlets are working, thank God. But Wi-Fi isn't. I couldn't even connect to their Wi-Fi login page.If you are going to Washington d.c.by bus, take Bolt Bus or Washington Deluxe instead. I can't say that they'll get through traffic faster but at least you will be seated when you expect to. I'll only take Megabus over them if the price is dirt cheap and I have a lot of time to waste waiting around. Otherwise, AVOID!", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': 'I took another trip to Pittsburgh a few weeks ago on a Friday. \xa0Our bus was over 3 hours late. \xa0This was due to some major road being closed down both ways. \xa0Everyone was complaining and calling Megabus. \xa0We were told to call once our trip concluded to ask for a refund. My weekend went as planned and my trip back was on time. \xa0I never did call for a refund. Imagine my surprise when I saw that Megabus had refunded me the full amount of that one way bus ride. It was in my account Monday morning! Thanks, Megbus!', 'stars': '4.0'}
{'review': "Ever since Megabus and Bolt came around, I've been riding the Chinatown buses less. I mean for just a little bit more $ why not? \xa0Mega offers you:1. \xa0Pretty clean bathrooms2. \xa0Hand sanitizer or a sink with running water3. Actual toilet paper4. Wifi (if it works)5. \xa0Electric outlets (if they work)6. Pretty clean bus7. Usually no stops - express!8. \xa0Occasional $1 deals though I've never gotten one9. \xa0Less stinky food smell10. Customer service/driver that speak English (in case there is an issue)11. \xa0+/1 30 mins for departure/arrival time12. You can change your ticket (aka catch an earlier bus if there is room) for a $5 fee - though in a way this should be free if there is no one in standby waiting13. Double decker is great in front for site seeing - check out all the street fights in NYC14. Less chance of dying?My only issues are:a) \xa0It's a $40 flat fee if you buy your ticket in person on standby instead of online (even if the online price is only $25). \xa0b) It runs every hour instead of 1/2 hour (A lot of the Chinatown buses are 30 mins apart)c) Wifi is not always reliabled) \xa0Electric outlets have not worked the past 2 rides I've been one) \xa0I like the double decker usually but do not sit up top if you are trying to sleep, way to bumpyf) \xa0If you sit up top by the stairs put your seat belt on, you will seriously feel like you might get bumped and fall down the stairs!g) Sometimes a little chaotic when boarding, and staff are not always on the same page about lining up folks/standby order", 'stars': '4.0'}
{'review': "Terrible. \xa0 Took megabus to Boston this past weekend and both the ride there and return trip were awful experiences. \xa0Our bus was scheduled to leave at 4:10 and as our bus pulled in to the pickup stop, the driver crashed into an MTA bus, knocking off a side mirror. \xa0The megabus driver didn't even notice until the MTA driver came over and told her. \xa0They then proceed to load us on the bus and have us sit there for 50 minutes past our scheduled leave time without telling us what's going on. \xa0Finally they notify us that a report is being filed and we'll be taking another bus. \xa0We then depart an hour late and the driver takes the slowest route possible THROUGH the city. \xa0We didn't get out of NYC for 1.5 hours after leaving. \xa0It ended up taking 7 hours to get to Boston from when we were scheduled to leave. \xa0That's 7 hours for what is typically a 3.5-4 hour drive. \xa0The driver on the ride back went 50 mph the entire way despite no traffic. \xa0She then stopped 20 minutes outside the city because she had reached her limit for the day. \xa0So we waited 20 minutes for another driver to finish the remaining 20 minutes of the journey. \xa0Took 6 hours this time despite no traffic whatsoever. \xa0I'll never take megabus again.", 'stars': '4.0'}
{'review': 'For the past 4 years I have been relying on Peter Pan for random excursions throughout the North East. I made the switch to MegaBus because the Peter Pan I was planning on taking from NYC to Amherst was sold out. I saved 20$ on a ticket (nearly half to cost of Peter Pan). I will not be going back to Peter Pan anytime soon. MegaBus is superior in regards to their prices, customer \xa0service, and amenities.', 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': 'Yesterday was my first time with Mega bus from Boston to NY but i had a bad time with. I and my boyfriend tried to get a couple seat but the seat unavailable because all passenger who travel alone blocked the seat beside them with their luggage. Finally, we saw the seat behind a driver and we sat there but the diver let us go out from that seat and yelling us because those seat is for his backpack. Anyway, I would never come back to use it again.', 'stars': '4.0'}
{'review': 'Only use megabus if you have to. Very bumpy, no wifi despite advertisement, very late, uncomfortable. \xa0Driver speeding and hitting brakes too hard. Other reviews warn of undertrained employees. I can see why.', 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "The bus is leaking on the highway. They make us wait in the middle of nowhere for four hours then tell us there's no bus coming to pick us, they'll try to fix it...(I have to give it one star in order to leave a comment..) worst experience ever!!!", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "Cold! \xa0 \xa0Way too slow and WAY TOO BUMPY! \xa0I can't stand it any more and I've got an estimated two hours to go. Depressing!", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "Huge delays! Overpriced! The buses are in a very bad state. They definitely drive them till they fall apart, although the quality of new buses is not very good either. Out of 3 trips That I've taken only one survived until the destination. The delays were all longer than 4 hours. The employees of megabus company(not the drivers) do not react quick enough. They first send a mechanic to check what is broken, then the mechanic states, oh wonder, the bus is broken. So, you wait for a bus to arrive for 4 hours. Take better other bus companies.", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': 'On our trip from Boston to New York the driver made three stops to call the main office to come up with a plan of how to deal with the 10 hour driving limit. They allowed her to drive to NYC only to have us stop at 153rd to wait for a new driver to complete the last 20-30 minutes. Would not recommend this bus service given the multitude of bus services between NYC and Boston. \xa0Total trip time 6 hrs.', 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': 'Worst bus experience ever.7 attendants at the station and not one of them was as helpful as they should be.Oh,and we were late arriving.', 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': 'Good for two things: often cheaper than the competition and a diverse schedule / large fleet. If you really need to travel, like, right this second, chances are you\'ll find a seat on a bus at any hour of the day. Horrendous for absolutely every other reason. Rude service, chaotic boarding, buses are always late, never leave on time, always a messed up AC situation. AC is my main beef with this bus company. I can take almost everything else. The engine is off during boarding, so in the summer it\'s impossible to breathe in the bus. Their AC is supposedly permanently preset to 72 degrees. But sometimes you freeze, other times you feel like satan is roasting your ass. On my most recent trip the bus driver threw this gem at me: "I can\'t make the AC any colder because the engine will get so cold it will freeze and the bus will break." I\'m no mechanic, but I\'m pretty sure that the bus will not get a boo-boo from an AC set to, say, 69 degrees. And no, it\'s not a matter of "you get what you pay for," because Bolt charges you the same amount of money and doesn\'t abuse you every step of the way.', 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "I took bus from Pittsburgh to NYC on Dec.22, last Tuesday... Bus driver (lady) was telling us that she mentioned no one tipped 'luggage ppl' and drivers... So she started saying like as give at least a dollar from each of you, it will not hurt you, but will be nice for me!! Why do I have to tip everyone?? Stop begging money! Just do your job!", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "Needs outlets on bus! Wth? Why wifi without them? Once I waited 2hrs for a bus which I had a ticket for. Bus driver told me that since customer service is closed, I'd either have to pay him $10 or get off the bus. Evil. I'm done with them ...", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': 'I travel on Megabus to Pittsburgh every 6-8 weeks, and have been doing so for a year and a half, so I know the drill pretty well. The bus has only been semi-seriously late once in all those trips: 40 minutes due to traffic in the Tunnel, we were informed. This past trip, we were told the bus would be that late, but it showed up 20 minutes early to be 40 minutes late, if you can follow that meaning.The only "incident" was when Ms. Jersey Zebra-Stripe Luggage rolled to the head of the line with her side-by-side refrigerator-size BF and announced, "I have a disability." She then proceeded to do a series of stretching exercises that displayed a fine set of muffin-tops, lit a cigarette, and later at the rest stop, smoked a joint behind the bus. Yes, Supersize Snooki, living with a disability like narcissistic personality disorder must be very trying!Mind you, there are invisible disabilities like Lupus, so I didn\'t challenge her word, and also I figured she could take me. The raging Latina who bit off her head when she tried to get on, that was another story. Seriously, the on-time record I\'ve experienced is pretty good, and the drivers have been friendly. People often don\'t say a thing until they have a bad experience, and then pound out their frustrations online, so I thought it might be good to let people know that smooth experiences have been the norm for me on the NY-Pittsburgh run.Some comfort tips:1. Arrive at least 40 minutes early if you want the all-important Inside Seat. If the bus is full, that\'s all the comfort you\'ll get.2. Layer. You can\'t tell what the temp will be like. A blankie/shawl is very useful.3. There is no above-the head storage, and a tiny amount of below-seat storage. Sometimes there\'s a little net-thing on the back of the seat, sometimes not. So take a SMALL carry-on and put all your other stuff in a LARGE, but under 50 lbs, Stowable suitcase. Girl who dragged in your hard-shell carry-on, had to sit cross-legged on the outside next to me, had no legroom, and left your Mac-Air plugged in during the rest stop, you are a FOOL. Sorry my feet got tangled trying to escape your obstacle course, and hope you still had AppleCare!  My soft, cloth, can-be-slept-on shoulder bag has nothing but comfort items: inflatable horsehoe pillow, eye-mask, earplugs, quiet NON-SMELLY snacks in non-crinkly bags, MP3 player, Kindle,Kindle-light, SmartPhone, water-bottle with carabiner, baby wipes. And small bungee cords. I bungee the water-bottle to the handle on the back of the seat in front.4. The WiFi is slow when it exists at all. Don\'t count on it to do schoolwork or stream movies. I wish it were otherwise, but what can you do? The Kindle and SmartPhone work regardless, and there is always The Window. 5. The handle on each seat is sometimes in the middle of the seat, making it a perfect place to put your Kindle or tablet, as long as you wedge it in securely. Instant JetBlueishness! 6. The outlet is located on the wall around leg-level, with a round cover, or on a box between the seats in front of you, or on the airline-style instrument panel above you, or along the carpeted ridge above you where the yellow handrail is. Good hunting. I\'ve had one that didn\'t work so far.7. Turn off your phone ringer. And Blake Who Works In Cinema? And gave your number out to somebody during one of your many long, unnecessary conversations? I am so sorry I didn\'t dial you and say, "This is row 40. Shut up." Next time, Blake. Next time.', 'stars': '4.0'}
{'review': "Megabus WOULD be great - if it actually provided all the services it advertises. \xa0 I've used Megabus several times and almosy every time I boarded a bus there was an issue. \xa0The outlets work but theres no wifi, the wifi works but there outlets or the bathro door wont secure so use at ur own risk. \xa0I've been on buses that acutally shut down when trying to pull off from complete stops! \xa0And never mind time constraints!!!! I understand allowing extra time for unpredicatable flows of trafffic - HOWEVER - paid for a 4pm bus out of DC and uthe bus didnt leave until after 4:15!!!! No one offered an explanation as to the delay and no apologies were made. \xa0The ticket i purchased was supposed to hav me in NY at 8:35pm....its 9:05pm and this bus is STILL 45 mins away from its destination. \xa0Again....no explanations offered or apologies made! \xa0ANNOYED!!!!", 'stars': '2.0'}
{'review': 'Well, you get what you pay for. Cheap tickets, but I\'ve yet to have a bus leave or arrive on time. Lousy customer service on-site, where long departure delays are unaddressed and passengers routinely ignored. NYC is my departure point, and the origin of trips, so they should be able to figure out how much time to allow for traffic. Calling customer service (use the term loosely) equally frustrating. After a 40 minute wait with no updates I called, to be told they knew nothing about our bus because "it hasn\'t even been an hour" and was then told that departure times are "approximate" depending on traffic. On-bus wifi horribly unreliable as well. Oddly, drivers claim no ability to control climate; we were told it\'s all pre-programmed at the garage. That\'s a first in my experience. Only use them if there are no options.', 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "I remember when Megabus first started advertising their fares for as low as a $1 and I was in disbelief but I eventually learned the trick was to book the trip as early as humanly possible. That also meant constantly checking their website to see if the cheap fares were offered. Anyways, for the price, (I usually end up paying $1 for a trip each way plus a $0.50 booking fee), I honestly cannot complain. It sure is cheaper than most of the other options available for me, yeah I'm looking at you Greyhound and Amtrak. I've only taken Megabus from NYC to Philadelphia and Washington as of this review but I do have some future trips planned.On to the review, the buses that I've taken all have left later than the time scheduled time, and as such have arrived behind schedule, although to be fair, more often than not, the driver of the bus does their best to keep us on time, assuming that traffic is not a problem. At the bus stop/waiting area in NYC on 34th St bet. 11th and 12th Ave across from Javits Center, I find the employees generally acting as if they have no desire to be there and the setup could use a little work as well. Onboard, there are outlets although there is not an outlet for every seat. The wifi on the bus can be described as one word, shitty. I always have problems using the wifi, which is a problem when I can't just fall asleep like most of the other passengers. If you end up on those double decker buses, I would stay on the lower level if at all possible since I find it more spacious.Other than being late all the damn time in leaving, disinterested employees at the bus stop/waiting area in NY, a lousy set-up at the bus stop/waiting area and having lousy wifi, I have no other complaints. The quality of the people there seem to be a lot better than Greyhound and I've actually had a few pleasant conversations with neighboring passengers. Like everything else, you have to take the good and the bad.", 'stars': '3.0'}
{'review': "Since I started using Magabus the quality of my travel has exponentially decreased. First, the price has been increasing every time I order a bus ( no matter how early I book them.) \xa0The tickets are however, easy to book and you only need your reservation number which is very practical when you are traveling and can't access a printer. The power outlet are often not working when traveling from and to Boston. The internet connection has not worked for me for the past trips I went on in the past six months. The quality of the seat is a little itchy and the other the bus get the worst the seat quality gets. The line to get on is always long and disorganized with no available seating at the new york location. I once had to wait an hour under the poring rain in the winter and under the hard hitting sun for almost three hours more recently. Yes, this sounds dramatic but it was quite bad. I recommend you try out various buses and see which works best for you! I used to enjoy Megabus in 2012 and now shifted to Bolt. Along my smooth rides I tried Peter Pan and the infamous Funj-wa.", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "I just remembered why I never take this bus. I used to take it all the time because it was cheap. The bus I had didn't even have air flow and it was like a stuffy sauna, a breeding ground for catching all the colds that everyone on the bus had. I just can't with Megabus anymore. Besides not being able to breathe for 4 hours, the their outlets and wifi never ever work. I don't think I've been on one Megabus where the wifi and outlets both worked. Ridiculous. Also, the bus was about 40 minutes late, also, when we did stop in Maryland, they switched busdrivers and the new busdriver took about 20 minutes to get us back on the road. TIME WASTED. I should have just kept going with BOLT or NY2DC. Trust, I will never be taking Megabus ever ever again, I also intend to write a strongly worded letter to the company because it is not sanitary nor healthy to have no air circulation for 4 hours and a half.", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': 'I can genuinely say that this was the worst company for any service I\'ve ever experienced in my life. On my trip from NYC to DC, the lines were completely unorganized. I asked what one queue was for and got three different answers. When I finally boarded the bus, there was no air conditioning for the entire 4 and a half hour trip in the heat of summer. The trip back to NYC began a half hour late. Then the bus broke down. No apologies, just a frustrated, "I can\'t do anything" from the bus driver. I caught another bus to Philadelphia an hour later. But since I was trying to get to NYC, I had to pay $94 to get an Amtrak back to NYC from Philly. I am not going to pay another cent to these mega bus mega crooks.', 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "I've taken the trip between Boston and New York City somewhere close to 400 times over the last decade. \xa0Maybe more. I've gone back and forth 5 times this year already. Megabus used to be an okay ride. However, since they moved to the far side of the post office in New York City on 9th Ave, it has gone downhill. I believe a review of a bus company can fluctuate greatly, if things change with Megabus, I'll definitely provide an update.They used to load up next to Madison Square Garden, and utilized the huge sidewalks to create long meandering lines. You may not have gotten on the bus when it was scheduled to leave, but at least you were certain to get a good spot in the line because you were there for an hour or more.Now, with move to the sidewalk on 9th ave, it's pure chaos. They have a parking lot where they pack people waiting for a bus. Here are a few problems:1) There's no coordination between the employees in charge of lining up passengers. The parking lot is for passengers to wait in until your bus is called. The problem here is there is nothing preventing someone who showed up 5 minutes before the announcement from getting in line ahead of someone who waited 90 minutes for the already late bus. They just call everyone to follow them, and they start a new line on some far flung side of the sidewalk. It's a big block. It's congested with people going to Boston, Philly, and DC. Providence, for whatever reason, lines up going down a side street, starting at the corner. \xa0True, we're not in fifth grade anymore, but if you arrive well ahead of your bus time, or even 5 minutes early, you should benefit from being in a proper position to get on a bus. More on this later.2) The employees are neither helpful, nor friendly. It doesn't take much to make me happy. In fact, I ride smelly buses all the time because they're quick. What drives me bananas is an inability to control a scene. One Megabus employee will tell you to line up in order in the parking lot, another will tell you it doesn't matter where you stand in the parking lot. Neither will apologize for any confusion they cause between them. \xa0When you ask, even in a friendly manner, what the story is with a bus that's 60 minutes late, they bark answers. More simply; the employees are overworked, understaffed, and are given little room to work with. I don't blame them, I blame the corporation that believes this is an appropriate way to do business.3) They don't have enough buses. Every single bus has 'overflow' that can nearly fill a second bus. I've arrived at the parking lot at the NYC stop at 5:00PM for a 5:40 bus on Friday and not gotten on until 7pm because of the line configuration, a late bus and then the overflow from a 4:50PM bus getting on the 5:40 bus first. Then I become the 'overflow' for the 6:20 bus that leaves at 7PM. I understand the doubledecker bus holds nearly twice as many passengers as the single level bus, but a widely used, wealthy company should plan ahead. The same thing happens at the Boston terminal, except you can't believe your line starts under the big clock that indicates your bus should've left 30 minutes ago. The other bus companies must laugh, right?It's one thing to get this wrong occasionally. It's a business model if you routinely overbook, understaff, and neglect to provide overflow buses in a quick, efficient manner. 4) In addition to not having enough buses, the rush hour buses are usually late, and filled with trash from the riders they just dropped off on 7th Avenue. I'm guessing the importance of a quick turnaround means cleaning bottles and trash from the seats doesn't need to happen. For all the grief the China Town buses get, they at least have trash bags on every single seat. The China Town buses rarely have trash in the backs of the seats when they load up because they have a person go through and remove these bags. Megabus could learn something from the good folks located near the Manhattan Bridge.5) How is it fair to say someone can travel for $1.50, when that only applies when you're leaving at 11pm? I've never met anyone on a 5PM bus that paid a buck fifty. Maybe they exist, though.6) I almost forgot. Megabus does have signs on the sidewalk on 9th Ave, ones you're supposed to start lines behind. Except, they're strewn about the parking lot or your Boston bus line will line up behind the Albany sign or maybe behind the hot dog vendor guy that happens to have a Megabus umbrella. Hmm. They don't forget the hot dog vendor guy, but do forget any sense of organization.I'm a glutton for punishment, so I'll probably stand in a line of chaos again on 9th ave, but I really look forward to October 2013, when the construction is supposed to be finished at MSG and maybe the lines will make sense once again where they did before.", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "I'll set the scene: end of July, humid NYC summer. 3pm. AC is NOT working. Blowing out air, but it is not cold. Everyone on the bus is huffing and puffing and fanning themselves w/whatever they can find. I've packed a hand fan and am furiously fanning myself, desperately trying to cool myself down while patting the beads of sweat off my face w/my hankie.About an hr+ into the ride, the driver pulls over, does something or other, and the AC finally comes on. A light stream of cool air finally trickles from the vents. It was a long ride.", 'stars': '2.0'}
{'review': "For $38 from Pittsburgh to New York City, it is a lot cheaper and efficient than driving. The seats are small and not comfortable, but if you can travel for this much or less, then do it, especially the people who get a ticket for $1 or even $15. This beats taking Trailways or Greyhound any day. Those buses are expensive, the bus terminal is chaotic and they don't guarantee you a seat. It's as though they always wait until at least two crying babies show up before the bus finally leaves.Megabus made several announcements asking people to be courteous -- keep phone calls, talking, laughing to a minimum. I really appreciated it, especially not having to listen to someone's phone conversation.That said, the WI-FI does not work. Internet in this country is like ordering orange juice at brunch: it always comes out in a tiny little thimble that costs $4 and you wonder if there is only one orange tree somewhere and we have to ration any juice that it produces. Likewise, I don't know why in this country of all others it is so difficult to get an Internet connection, but it definitely did not work as advertized and when I sent a very polite e-mail after I arrived home to let them know, I never received a response.Also, I would get to the bus about 30 minutes before it leaves. They have a space saved for you, but there are not assigned seats. If you need to plug something in, the outlets are along the walls under the windows.", 'stars': '2.0'}
{'review': "I went to Washington DC from NYC this weekend (round trip) with Megabus. Both ways it left on time, outlets were working and the bus was clean. No internet on the way to DC, but a good one on the way back to NY. Can't complain for the price!!", 'stars': '4.0'}
{'review': 'I\'ll give it 1 star for being cheap..that\'s it. There are no other redeeming qualities. Service is terrible. Usually late. Typically rude or uncaring staff. Bus drivers either don\'t speak english or pretend to not speak english and in the rare event that they communicate (grunt) with the customer - it\'s a lazy response or incoherent or inaccurate. Megabus wifi sucks or doesn\'t work. Their outlets almost never work. Buses are mostly delayed and/ or late. They don\'t make stops because they are almost always running late and when they do make stops - random, they are even later. Tried connecting in NYC but unfortunately the two separate stops are 7 blocks apart. This is a real detriment when one bus is 90 mins late and you have to run, with luggage to try to connect with other late Megabuses. Then you miss it. So when you call customer service - response is: "we are allowed to be 120 min late, based on our service agreement."', 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': 'Serious pros and cons to Megabus but sadly, due to my miserable experience, I have to give a lower rating, although there were a few good moments.The few pros:My bus from NYC-- Washington D.C. left exactly on time. Working restroom.Friendly (enough) staff helping us board the bus.My outlets / WiFi workedWas lucky enough to speak with a great customer service rep for my ride home from Washington -- NYC, his name was Kyle so shoutout and thank you to Kyle who assured me that although I was running SUPER late, I could get on the next bus for only $5 additional, which was honored at Union Station.BUT. The ride down...We stopped in Baltimore which was expected, except we were stuck there for almost TWO HOURS. Sitting waiting wishing to get to DC and after 30 minutes we were like.. what is going on? Not a single rep had stepped in to let us know what was happening. Finally another traveler approached them and they let s know our first driver had left, and our new "relief" driver just hadn\'t showed up.We waited another 30 minutes before the ushered us all off the bus and unloaded our luggage. They then began stuffing people onto some random, unmarked coach bus behind us. People got on but I didn\'t - no one even confirmed this bus was going to the same place. My inquiries were ignored or brushed aside as I asked, very politely might I add, when I was going to be on a bus that was DC bound. Another 40 minutes later we were back on our original bus, again with no real explanation, and eventually made it to Washington. I was due in at 8:20 and arrived at 10:30 PM. There goes my night.It was absurd. I have always worked in customer service and all you have to do is tell people what the hell is going on and almost any problem can be resolved. I will be going with a different bus service for my next journey.', 'stars': '2.0'}
{'review': 'The worst experience of my life happened with MEGABUS. Was stranded with no help/ direction/ alternative options and watched a 12:30 bus leave with "priority" over the cancelled 11:00 bus.', 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "I was headed from NYC to DC and chose Megabus because it was free. Yes, you heard me. Free. They were having a promo a while back and luckily it hadn't run out by the time I booked our seats. I was pretty skeptical of it because even when it's not free, it's hella cheap. And these reviews are pretty dismal as well. But I've had friends that took Megabus on the East Coast and they said it was legit. I had expected the bus to be late so I took my time. But when we arrived about 5 minutes before departure, they were already getting ready to wrap things up and leave. We left at exactly 2:30 pm, which was our scheduled departure. The driver was very dramatic though. He'd throw a hissy fit every time someone talked over him and turned on their cell phone. Good thing I sat on the top floor so I didn't get called out for doing these things. The bus was very spacious and there were barely any people on board. The outlets worked fine, but the WiFi was not working. That was a bummer. There are restrooms on the bus, but they're pretty gross because it's basically a porta-potty. Also, it's hard to pee in a moving vehicle so obviously a lot of people miss.Anyways, we made it on top to DC in one piece. It was a pretty comfortable ride, and considering how cheap it is, it's a great value. You East Coasters are spoiled to be complaining about this bus service.", 'stars': '4.0'}
{'review': 'Inconsiderate customer service representative. Very unfriendly ticketing policy. Will not recommend.', 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "This was my 2-star initial review:Took the Megabus from Hartford to New York then New York to PhillyThough cheap, the bus from Hartford to NYC was single decker (therefore no outlets) and stuffy with unfunctioning wifi. The double decker from NYC to Philly was absofreakinlutely stifling hot...the AC was blowing out hot air, but the wifi and plugs worked. We ended up getting off the Jersey Turnpike at the rest stop by exit 11 and swapped busses.After that it was much more pleasant...although we rolled into Philly an hour late. I'm hoping the return trip won't be such a hassle.---I'm happy to report that our return trip, stifled a day by Irene, was much less of a headache...although annoyingly the bus from Philly to NYC's plugs didn't work. Coincidentally on both legs of our return trip, we had the same drivers we did on the way down. Unfortunately for the NYC to Hartford trip, that meant the EXACT same crappy bus with no plugs and broken wifi. Changing our plans because of Irene (Megabus cancelled everything Saturday and Sunday) was easy enough online. In spite of busted-ass wifi and outlets on the return trip, we weren't an hour late returning like we were arriving AND the ease with which they allowed us to change our reservation nets them an extra star on this update.", 'stars': '3.0'}
{'review': "I was traveling from Albany to NYC May 20, 2015 on the 10:25 am bus. \xa0The bus was 20 minutes late, no status update online until the bus arrived and no one answered my call. \xa0Bus driver made no apologies or explanation. \xa0WiFi didn't work. \xa0He drove under the speed limit the majority of the way. \xa0One of my worst Megabus experiences yet. \xa0Trailways is more reliable. I would not recommend to anyone on a schedule.", 'stars': '2.0'}
{'review': "I first hand witnessed MegaBus discriminate against gays and lesbians . The Neanderthals that staff these buses do not have a third grade education, and are especially impolite to gay people. The wifi you pay extra for doesn't ever work and our current driver is meandering all over I 95. If you make a mistake on you reservation and then follow up immediately to correct it , they will not refund your money. Simply the worst service run by ignorant, prejudiced people. Worst experience on a bus guaranteed. If you are gay, lesbian, or trans do not subject yourself to their abuse and epithets.", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': 'Negative stars!!!On August 15,2016 I arrived 9:45 to megabus stop in NYC to Baltimore -DC destination \xa0at 10am and after having approached the bus me and at least 10 other people learnt that the megabus employee shot Latin guy (he refused to say his name) had already collected the money and boarded the stand up line on the bus dismissing the people with the tickets. He shut the bus door in front of our faces and the bus departed. Its 93 degrees currently with the strait sun. All of us have tried to reach customer service where at first the lady hung up the phone and after that none of us seemed to reach the customer service representative. Ridiculous!The manager on site (old white short man with gray hair and glasses) very unprofessional and mean said that basically he has not seen what happened so he could not comment and while having the conversation with me he started talking to his coworker about unrelated issue. This situation is outrageous on top of already horrible service of this company. With constant an hour delays in departure , bus breakdowns on a regular where it takes 10 hours to reach the destination to be covered in 5h, terrible toilet smell all over the bus, never working wifi, extremely rude and unprofessional employees. In order to "solve" the situation they put us on in the next bus which doesn\'t really help the situation for people who were supposed to catch other busses and trains in DC leaving alone standing in a freaking hotness. Outrageous! Extremely terrible!!!!', 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': 'NO CUSTOMER SERVICE. Really. Please be aware calling and e-mailing accomplishes NOTHING when there is a problem. There is no recourse for you when things go wrong. I\'ve been traveling the NYC - Boston route with various companies for almost a decade now but despite occasional problems prior to now, my most recent trip with Megabus will be my last. On an 85 degree day in early May, my bus from Boston had broken AC. Even though they play an irritating recording at the beginning of the trip stating that the bus has been inspected before the trip, that\'s obviously BS. 40 min into the trip the driver stopped at a rest stop to investigate the AC. He was unable to fix it, but he reported it broken to the company. Before getting of the bus, I confirmed with him that a report has been made. So we spent 6 hours (partially due to driver\'s stupid route choices) in sweltering heat, sweat dripping down people\'s faces. Passengers tried calling Megabus, only to be told that you can only do reservations on the phone - no customer service. For "customer service," we were told to e-mail inquiries@megabus.com . I did. And I did again, and again. Also tried calling again and again, only to be told they cannot transfer anyone to "customer service", but once an agent agreed to send in a complaint on my behalf. Also nothing. When you send an e-mail to inquiries@megabus.com, you get an automated response saying you\'ll hear back within 5 days. That\'s BS. It\'s been 6 weeks since my initial complaints, and the only communication I got was 20 days later, and only saying that Megabus will "investigate" my claim. Nothing in the 3 weeks since, despite my repeated inquiries. It\'s infuriating, especially with that new recording assuring you that they inspect each bus before the trip, that they won\'t handle a complaint. Think twice before booking with Megabus. If your bus gets canceled, broken and you get stranded on the side of the road (happened to my husband), or they don\'t provide a basic service like AC on a hot day, tough luck. Not to mention the wi-fi they claim to have, which hasn\'t worked on any of my recent trips. Try finding a customer service (not reservations) phone number or e-mail on their website. They couldn\'t care less.That\'s it for me with Megabus. I\'d honestly rather take Chinatown buses, because they\'re more efficient, often cheaper, and don\'t make you listen to recordings extolling their superior safety and service, only to later provide neither.', 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "Paid $37.50 for a last-minute ticket. \xa0Waited on a crowded, disorganized sidewalk (no station). \xa0Still have not departed by 11:50 PM for a 11:10 departure; we are apparently waiting for a passenger with a connection. \xa0The driver occasionally tells us we will be leaving soon but doesn't seem to have any real information. \xa0I'm breathing exhaust fumes that waft through the open door of the idling vehicle.Only go with Megabus if you do not require the basic on-time service, and uncertainty and disorganization do not cause you stress.Granted, I assume we'll arrive safely eventually, and the main part of the bus is not filthy.The market is crowded; there are other options.", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': 'Surprisingly great ride given the poor reviews. I took the 9:45am from NYC to Philly. Bus arrived 5 mins early. Bus was clean and comfortable.Air conditioning worked great. Bathroom was clean. Passengers were nice. Wi-Fi worked wellPlugs workWell worth the $15.', 'stars': '2.0'}
{'review': 'Jan 2, 2015I decided to give Megabus a try because they had reserved seating, which is great but totally not worth it, they are a scam company with shady employees that could care less about their travelers. This company has the worst ever customer service and organization skills I have ever come across in the business world. This morning at the NYC location to depart I was scheduled to take the 8 am bus to DC. I arrived at leave 10-15 mins early and proceeded to get in the line that was labeled for the DC/ Baltimore destination. My boyfriend and I looked around for a Megabus attendant and found no one outside or near the lines or the buses. We asked people waiting in the line if it was the line for the bus to DC they said yes. While we were waiting we saw the bus for DC drive off so my boyfriend went to look again for some attendants. He found someone finally sitting inside an idling car and got his attention to ask what was going on. The attendant said that was the 8am bus that left and the line was for the 830 am. They had no one outside to distinguish the times for the busses or the lines. We asked if I could catch the 830 am bus since we missed it, at first the attendant said no but then told us I could if I paid 5 more dollars. Annoyed, we called the customer service phone number listed on the website for Megabus and had the first representative hang up on us after refusing to help, refusing to get his supervisor, and kept insisting we were the ones late and missed the bus, then when we called back the second rep told us we could not get a refund and he would not help us in anyway and before he disconnected with us told us to email the company!AVOID THIS COMPANY! Even if it is not your fault to missing boarding, you will be screwed over without any care from the employees.', 'stars': '5.0'}
{'review': "NEVER EVER EVER TAKE MEGABUS!!!I paid almost $60 for my tickets from NYC to DC for my birthday weekend and it was a total waste. I went to the bus stop 30 minutes before my bus was scheduled to leave at 5:00pm on a Friday. There was some problem with the 4:30 bus, so everybody was loaded on what was supposed to be our bus. They told us it would be an hour delay. That was the first of our problems. The employees at the stop didn't know what they were doing and ended up moving the bus line all over the place. They told us our bus was here and then said they made a mistake and for everybody to go back to a very long line all the way up the block. That hour delay turned into a 3 hour delay of standing in the pouring rain in a thunderstorm as there is no shelter at the stop. I called customer service and they said it was our fault that we missed the bus (the 5pm bus that they put the 4:30pm people on) and that we would have to pay to change out tickets. How horrible is it that customer service is telling us to pay for their company's mistake??Luckily, we didn't have to pay. At 7pm, a bus finally came. Now it wasn't only the 5:00pm people waiting in the rain but the 5:30, 6pm 6:30, and 7pm people. There was a mob at the bus due to poor communication and I was actually thrown onto the bus and hurt my leg as a result. On the way down, we were all freezing because we were soaking wet and the driver said he was unable to turn the air conditioning down. Instead of getting in at 9pm and then going out to celebrate my birthday with my friends, I got in at 12am, cold and wet, and took the metro directly to the place I was staying to get cleaned up. I returned the Sunday after. The bus left about 15 minutes late and then BROKE DOWN in Delaware. The bus driver said it would be a 45 minute wait. HA. 45 minutes stretched into 2 hours. My relaxing night at home before work turned into me getting home late and being extremely tired for work the next day. I filed a complain through the website. I got an email saying that in 5 days you will get a response. That was 10 days ago. The company doesn't even have the decency to respond.TWO HORRIBLE TRIPS. NEVER AGAIN, MEGABUS. NEVER AGAIN!!!!!", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': 'I have used this bus service about two weeks ago, when I was coming back to NYC from Buffalo. I liked the fact that the bus had two decks. Overall, the experience was pretty great compared to the Trailsway. The outlets, temperature, cleanliness of the bus was good. I would use this company again, if I ever needed bus services.', 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "There is no sugar coating it: walking to 31st and 11th ave sucks really early in the morning when you have to catch a 6:30am bus. But, with a bus with cheap tickets, I can't complain too much.While the lines are kind of awkward here with passengers wandering around lost because the destination city signage are not very prominent, I admit that this outdoor setup in the middle of nowhere is more convenient than disgusting Port Authority Bus Terminal. This bus terminal serves many cities, and I have personally been on buses to Philadelphia, Boston, and many times to Providence - all of which have left on time. Buses are normally full, but I usually never have a problem getting a nice seat on the top level which has a very nice view. One thing to note: you may not always get the traditional blue double decker bus if Megabus didn't sell enough tickets for the trip. If they don't sell as many tickets, you end up on just a normal sized bus, which is somewhat of a let down if you were excited for a little more space and more outlets.Even though the pick up location sucks, I think the drop off location at 7th ave and 28th street is very convenient. It is too bad that the pick up and drop off areas can't be closer together because it seems that people confuse the two often.You get what you pay for. It is cheaper than most of the Port Authority buses, and not quite as loud and smelly as the Chinatown buses are. Megabus travels to most of the destinations I would like to go to, so it definitely is my choice for bus travel.", 'stars': '4.0'}
{'review': "I'm going to keep it short and simple because there are already too many reviews that people won't even bother to read. Here's the lowdown:-Megabus tickets are cheap, therefore don't expect fantastic seats, service or anything else that you think would be worthy of 5 stars. You're gonna get what you pay for.-The pickup location in New York (31st & 11th Ave) is atrocious. It is out in the middle of nowhere with a bunch of hobo's sleeping on the sidewalks. Just be careful if you're walking in that area during the wee hours of the morning or late at night.-There is no terminal, so be prepared to stand out on the sidewalk and wait for your bus.-The service workers: they're always rushing, rude and don't have time for BS. Just make sure you're at the stop at your designated pickup time and prepared, with your reservation number ready to go.", 'stars': '3.0'}
{'review': 'simple... bus breaks down doesnt show up standing the cold for 2 hrs... they will not issue a refund for a ticket and when you ask to speak to a manger you are hungup on i am calling my bank now to dispute the charge. \xa0....... oh ya I was told that ....Please be advised this information is within our internal policy and cannot be found onthe Megabus website....', 'stars': '3.0'}
{'review': 'Oh man....I dug the Megabus when it was a short trip to Philly, but since I rode it to head to DC for the cherry blossoms, I\'ve got to lower my rating.Got here about 20 minutes before departure and the line was super long and out of control. \xa0There were tons of people trying to cut, yelling at the workers to get standby, etc. \xa0Luckily, the workers didn\'t succumb to such threats and allowed those who booked ahead to go in first. \xa0Going there didn\'t seem too bad-but it was packed. \xa0Just like Southwest says, people need to stop pretending the seat next to them is taken. \xa0The bus driver knows better. \xa0She actually started driving while 3 people were standing in the aisle, and stopped immediately after they yelled, "There\'s no seats!"She stopped the bus, and made sure people stated who had seats next to them. \xa0A couple was separated (aww) and the third person got a seat. \xa0Way. \xa0Packed. \xa0We got to DC about 30 min late, so not too bad. \xa0Oh, and this included two extra stops along the way in White Marsh. \xa0Ok, I know in CA people drive from one end of the parking lot to another while shopping, but is it really necessary to make one stop (that takes awhile for people to unload and leave), then another at the other end of the mall in White Marsh?? \xa0Talk about time wasted. \xa0I thought we were all coming from NY, where people learn to walk!Coming back from DC-the bus was probably less than half full, which was nice. \xa0However, we did have to wait out in the hot parking lot for a good half hour since our bus arrived late. \xa0We also made a stop in Baltimore (again, so like SW). \xa0This was also the first time I used the restroom in the bus-\'eh. \xa0It\'s not as bad as a portable, but still. \xa0I\'ve tried to avoid it long enough!We arrived late, and I left vowing never to ride the bus for such a long trip again (~5 hour drive). \xa0I know it\'s not too long, but my back was aching, they didn\'t turn off the lights this way back (they did from NY-DC, however), and the AC would not turn off. \xa0Ughh.Yes it was flippin\' cheap (you can get a ride for $1 if you plan ahead), ours was about $15 each way since we booked late and it was a busy season (super great deal), but I\'m not sure if the price justified the pain to travel. \xa0The ride itself was safe and pretty smooth, however. \xa0We also made a stop at a rest area to switch drivers, which is a good idea (considering the recent bus crashes due to drivers falling asleep). \xa0Like many people stated, our relationship is a love \'n hate type. \xa0I know I\'ll be back, but I wish it weren\'t so. \xa0I do give props to the workers for being assertive, though.', 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "So I've taken Megabus twice in my life and solely because they had the $1 specials. \xa0So heres what I thought...I am normally a car person. \xa0I prefer to drive when I can, however I could not pass up an opportunity to take a $1 trip. \xa0I took the Megabus to Philly and Boston from NYC. \xa0The pick up location was on 34th street between 11th and 12th, conveniently located just a ten minute walk from Penn Station.Everything was smooth from beginning to end. \xa0We went to the pick up point, showed the guy our tickets, and just hopped right on the bus. \xa0The bus is equipped with Wi-Fi and power outlets. \xa0There was really no issue at all, the ride was smooth and quiet and the seats were ok. \xa0The bus left on the dot. \xa0After taking these 2 trips hassle free, problem free trips, I would recommend Megabus to people looking for a way to get from point A to point B.", 'stars': '3.0'}
{'review': "Horrible service!! When I arrive at 3:15, for my 3:45 bus, the 2:45 bus hadn't arrived yet. Everyone is standing in a mush of lines going to different directions at different times. When my bus finally leaves at around 4:45... The bus stops at first gas station in Jersey to switch drivers. Driver #2, proceeds to drive the speed limit on the turnpike!! We are over an 1 hr and a half late.Keep your wifi, and learn some customer service. I'm taking Greyhound!!!", 'stars': '4.0'}
{'review': 'Now having a trouble!!! I booked a trip to DC. Bus is stoping middle way at New Jersey (2hour from New York ) . Driver leave the bus and he said " I\'m quit this job and u have to contact Mega bus by yourself. right now we\'re waiting for replacement driver about 60-90 minute ....... \xa0What going on !!!!', 'stars': '5.0'}
{'review': 'So, to be fair, the first leg of my trip from NYC to DC was fine.The return trip was hell. \xa0A delay-filled, stop and go with lousy breaks, broken AC kinda hell.The problems began before we even left the garage in DC. \xa0There was a broken seat in the bottom level. \xa0Instead of writing it off as a loss, the crew tried to pass it off as "safe" for some unsuspecting passenger in Baltimore! \xa0So 20 minutes lost there.We left the garage drove about 5 minutes and then came to a dead standstill on some service road. \xa0Turns out we had to make a detour for a "quick" maintenance stop. \xa0(Good job - \xa0it\'s always best to make sure the bus actually works once you load up the passengers!) Another 40 minutes lost.The traffic was terrible - I can\'t blame the bus company for that - but it didn\'t help the bathroom door was broken, the lower level was stifling, and the brakes felt like they needed another "quick" maintenance stop.Our expected time of arrival, 7:55 pm, turned into 11:15 pm. \xa0Try keeping a 2 1/2 year old content in a bus for over 7 hours - it\'s a challenge! \xa0To top it off, once the bus stopped at the curb the driver just vanished! \xa0It was total \xa0pandemonium retrieving our luggage - I don\'t think anyone from Megabus even bothered to open the hatch! \xa0Word to the wise - check your seat before the bus leaves!', 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "If zero stars was an option, I'd take it....never again...ever...Last weekend, I had a 6:40am reservation to Boston. I promptly got there around 6:20am and by the way, they have a new bus stop, it's on 34th between 11th and 12th streets. That location is FAR and in the middle of nowhere. It is most definitely NOT safe before sunrise. It's an SVU episode waiting to happen....Either way, the bus didn't come until 7:20 and we didn't leave until 7:30am. The whole point of taking an early bus is to avoid late buses and the traffic. I have no idea how this happened. I passed out on the bus and woke up around 8:30am, turns we had been stopped for a few minutes. And guess what?! the generator or the engine DIED!!!! WTH???? We were in Ardsley, Westchester, which is barely out of the Bronx. Another bus came and we left at 10am....with the other driver (who brought the spare bus) who was yelling at the guy who was driving since he thought we were going to the city....no we were going to Boston. We made another stop in CT, dropped off one bus driver, picked up another. At this time, a fellow passenger cracked and got up and screamed at the driver (secretly cheering her on!!!!!!!!) A half hour later, we dropped off the 2nd bus driver and got to Boston around 1:30pm. The original arrival time was 10:55am....NEVER AGAIN! NEVER EVER! However, without asking, Megabus refunded the money to my credit card that night but $24 was not worth the pain and time of the bus ride. Just no. Lastly, though this is a terrible experience, I have ridden Megabus before and never enjoyed those experiences either. My sister convinced me of Megabus because it was much cheaper than Bolt. I will never ever turn my back on Boltbus ever again!SUMMARY: NEVER TAKE MEGABUS EVER! EVER! IT'S NOT WORTH THE PRICE TAG! DON'T DO IT! YOU'RE BETTER OFF RUNNING/SWIMMING/HITCHING A RIDE/ WALKING TO YOUR DESTINATION THAN TAKE MEGABUS! JUST DON'T DO IT!", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': '1 hour late for 6 am bus, no communication on why the bus was late, yelled at one lady for complaining and tried to kick her off the bus. Unbelievable that people still ride a bus run by incompetent people.', 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "So yeah, this ain't Emirates Airways and I thought after reading the reviews that my journey from NYC to Pittsburgh would have no snags. Well, the bus we were waiting outside for apparently got rear ended on its way to pick us up in NY and then got lost for 2 hours. So we had to stand around outside for three hours, thank god it wasn't super cold.The staff tried to give us updates but clearly didn't have much more info than us. The lines and organization were good, and once we got on the bus (a double decker with working outlets) we were so happy to be moving that nothing else seemed to matter. The bus was clean, restrooms too, didn't even bother with the wifi, just tethered 4G from my iPad. Made okay time to Pittsburgh despite the three hour delay.If you're buying this ticket, its only because you're trying to save money, and you know it, so that's about all there is to it and you'll have to accept the risks and length vs flying.", 'stars': '3.0'}
{'review': 'Listen to the other bad reviews. These people do not care about the customer at all. The unprofessionalism is rampant. I took the bus from NYC to DC and not only was the bus over 2 hours late to pick us up but it 7 hours to get there. When I called customer service after arrival, they advised me that because the bus was over 2 hours late I would automatically be refunded for the trip in 3-5 business days. After two weeks I called them because I had yet to be reimbursed and I kept getting the run around. Once rep even hung up on me. I sent an email to their customer service department and 10 days later they sent me an unapologetic email saying that they strive to provide their customers with the best service. Sike! Never got my money back. Never using them again. I would rather take the Chinatown bus. Atleast they leave every 30 mins.', 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "The worst! I take buses all the time to DC, Boston, etc and this is the worst! I am not expecting anything spectecular, since the tickets are quite cheap but Megabus by far is the worst cheapest bus to travel. Stay away, take Bolt or Vamoose or other services instead. It takes a long time to call their customer service number, the reps are extremely rude and unprofessional and worst of all, they can never provide the help that you need. Their website is terrible, takes long time to book/re-book tickets, it's not user friendly and easy. To be fair, this review is more on their customer service and their outdated/poorly set up website, rather than the bus service itself. But I will never purchase anything from Megabus again!!!!!!!", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "I have booked a ticket for my dad who was travelling to Pittsburgh,PA from NYC. On the megabus website they have mentioned that a passenger can carry one regular bag which should not be heavier than 50 pound and one carry-on bag. So my dad took both bags as he was traveling internationally from there however the regular bag was not even half filled but the worker who carries bag to bus ask us for penalty of $25 for having extra bag. We told him that they have mentioned on the website that we can carry one carry-on bag but he was not ready to hear anything. My dad then opened up his regular bag and kept his carry-on bag in it. The mistake was that we have done that in front of that worker, he than start making excuses that the weight of the bag is more than 50 pound and we have to pay the penalties. When we argue about this arrogance than he start threatening us that we can leave the bus if we cannot pay the extra penalties. This is the height of the cheapness. I finally ended up paying penalties but if they don't refund me, I am surely going to police. Beware of this cheap people.", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "Yo son...On everything that I love... this new Megabus bus stop is MAD gully. It's like the kid just stepped outta civilization for a minute chu know? It's not me I'm worried about. Trust! I just can't see my seeds and my ol' earth comin all the way out here for no bus... especially at night. I don't rock with the boonies like that. Chu heard? The kid ain't been down the way in a MINUTE! And this is what I come back to? 12th Ave and Jiblip? You're gonna flip it like that? Son, it's lookin like deep... DEEP... North Philly out this mutha. Somethin gotta give yo. Somethin gotta give./nyaccentNo really, I was just surprised by how desolate of an area they'd move the new stops to. It really does look like North Philly at night. My guess is that Megabus lost a bet, a duel, a house rep, or a senate seat or somethin... to get booted out of the Port Authority. It's cool on the way to NY from Philly, but I'm not gettin anymore tickets back.", 'stars': '2.0'}
{'review': "My last experience with Megabus, from NYC to Baltimore and back, went quite smoothly. With slight motion-sickness, I prefer the upper deck of double decker buses. Whether a bus has wifi is hit or miss; there was wifi on the bus to Baltimore, but no wifi on the bus back. Both buses were on time, but I did witness other bus riders being delayed. Like all modes of transportation (except the Japanese shinkansen), don't expect 100% punctuality.", 'stars': '3.0'}
{'review': 'Smooth ride from Philly to NYC. Only hit a little bit of traffic once we got to the West side of NY, but otherwise not bad. WiFi and outlets were both working. Took over 2.5 hours to get back though.', 'stars': '3.0'}
{'review': "Megabus gets you the very basic service of getting you from one place to another but don't expect the outlets or wifi to work. Having to stop in Baltimore is a big stall if you're going to DC. Also if you're carrying heavy luggage note that the bus pickup is over half a mile from the nearest subway. I'd recommend Vamoose or Tripperbus instead that'll take you to Bethesda, right off the red line.", 'stars': '2.0'}
{'review': 'NYC - Boston:Pros:- on time, departed as scheduled at 4:40pm.- nice to have 2 floors.- clean chairs, comfortable to set in, but narrow- nice crowd, working professionals, very nice people.- it was warm and comfortable temperature on the bus.Cons:- very bumpy. \xa0Maybe it\'s typical for a bus... but it\'s really shaky and bumpy, so one can easily get "sea sick"... which i almost did. \xa0Typically i take trains and they are not the same for sure! \xa0Also, i found that 2nd floor is less bumpy, than 1st \xa0- i couldn\'t sit on 1st floor as it was so bumpy and i was getting sick... that is - i\'m been on a number of boat rides as I used to live in Florida and never got "sea sick" on a boat!!!!- NO wifi: does not work half the time. \xa0it works for 10minutes and then it\'s gone for 10 mins. \xa0SO - if you want to accomplish work and you need wifi (as i was hoping) - do not count on that!!- chairs: not as wide as I hoped they would be, pretty narrow.- power outlets were not working: my neighbor (on the other side of the isle) didn\'t have a working power outlet nor did we, where i was sitting with another person. \xa0Other:made a quick stop for about 10min (really needed for everyone), but otherwise the driver was nice and we had a good drive overall.Would i take this bus again? \xa0not sure, probably not.... biggest issues for me were: NO INTERNET wifi and bumpy... so i would try other bus companies to decide which one is best.Example: \xa0to upload this review to Yelp took me 25 minutes, as internet wasn\'t working!!!! \xa0that is not writing time either- just 25 min to manage to finally open yelp page and copy/past review and click submit without loosing internet connection. \xa0I\'m NOT exaggerating - I timed it, it was 25min! \xa0imagine!! that is just to load yelp page and click submit!', 'stars': '2.0'}
{'review': "Yay!/Eh...I have a love-hate relationship with Megabus. It's really cheap if you buy your tickets early and it's pretty reliable but because it's gotten much more popular, there are always crazy, unorganized lines to get on the bus. The staff don't try and help keep people in line and let jerks cut and cause ruckuses.Often, the timing of departure and arrival are delayed because of unruly crowds and traffic so watch out.The wifi is spotty.", 'stars': '3.0'}
{'review': "They have literally the worst service going in and out of NYC. I travel between here and DC often, and as a last ditch effort I have had the misfortune of riding with them a number of times.All of their buses leaving from NYC on the weekends, no matter what time it's scheduled for, regardless of whether or not it's a holiday weekend, are ALWAYS more than an hour behind schedule. The longest I have had to wait was 3 hours one time, and that was also in the pouring rain... forgettable experience.I get the feeling that they overbook buses a lot, because there is always a handful of people complaining that their bus is full but they have a reservation and this and that... when will they ever get it together?Not to mention that on the way to DC the bus makes about 3 - 4 stops in other cities. Delaware? Really? We need to go an hour out of our way for the two random people who want to be in lonely Newark? I understand they're trying to cut costs by bunching riders together who are traveling in the same general east coast region, but is a nonstop ride from NY to DC too much to ask?", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "I have to complaint my very disappointing experience with megabus. On 13th June, I and my parents took megabus from Washington DC to New York. It was not the first time we chose megabus to NYC. We brought three luggage and two carry-on bags, which was definitely satisfied to the rule. However, the staff at the station forced us to pay extra 70 dollars for the carry-on bags and threatened us if we don't pay, they wouldn't let us to get on. That had never happened when we took boltbus or gotoBus. They always allowed us to take one luggage and one carry-on.We have to pay because we have already pay the bus tickets. It was definitely extort.However, that was not the most provoking thing. After we got on the bus, the bus was broke before it left Maryland. It was just stopped at a parking lot with no food, no drink and no toilet. \xa0And the driver also shut down the cooler and We had to stay outside the bus but it was raining. We waited over two hours for another bus. And since the schedule was delayed, the driver also didn't stop at the gas station in the following way, which means during the 10 hours, we don't have chance to buy some food or drink. We spent almost the whole day for the trip from DC to NYC.I take the bus between DC and NYC frequently, but I will never choose megabus again. I promise.", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "I am a frequent traveler to Boston and after riding with this company for some time I have noticed a few things that remain consistent.Thursday: NYC to Boston (depart 1:15pm)*You will almost always arrive sometime between 6pm and 7pm. It doesn't matter what the approx time says on the ticket, there is ALWAYS traffic going into Boston at 5pm and you will be stuck*The power outlets never work and the internet is very fickle, so I no longer bring my laptops*If you order your ticket at least 3 weeks in advance you can usually pay $9 for this timeSunday: Boston to NYC (depart 12:00pm)*I have left at later times (ie. 1:00, 2:00) and have always been stuck in traffic for an additional 2-3 hours. If you depart at 12:00pm the likelihood of you arriving home at the drop-off spot in a relatively timely manner increases two-folds. \xa0You may still be delayed but I usually get off around 5pm. \xa0 *I suspect that because of popularity of the time, I usually get this ticket for $13, even three weeks ahead *For the past few weeks Megabus has included a second single tiered bus. So if the conductor invites you in a non-Megabus looking lovechild, do not be alarmed, you're still going to the Big Apple. For covering the cost of toll roads and providing a pretty comfortable ride, I really can't complain.", 'stars': '3.0'}
{'review': 'My boiler plate response (12 days later) from Megabus: Dear Marie,megabus.com strives to provide you with the best possible service, and whenyou feel that it fails to meet your expectations, it is important for us toknow. We apologize that you received service that prompted you to contactus with a complaint, and we regret any inconvenience or frustration thatyour experience has caused you. I can assure you that the appropriatemeasures will be taken to avoid a reoccurrence. Your patronage is importantto us, and we hope you will continue to give us the opportunity to serveyou again.Thank you for using megabus.com we appreciate your business.Sincerely,LinnyMegabus Customer Service Specialist', 'stars': '3.0'}
{'review': 'I had the ABSOLUTELY WORSE experience with Megabus! I will never ever take it again!I purchased a roundtrip ticket from NYC to D.C leaving Fri. 6/13 and returning Sun. 6/15. My bus was scheduled to leave from 34th ST. between 11th/12th ave at 6pm.I got there at 5:45pm. First of all the bus attendants weren\'t that helpful when I arrived. There were long lines every where. I found my line and was told by the person in front of me that the 5pm to D.C. still hadn\'t arrived. She was waiting for the 5:30pm bus. I met more and more people that were waiting for the 5pm and 5:30pm bus.It was about 6:15 and my bus still hadn\'t arrived. A very dark cloud soon made it\'s way to where everyone was lined up. It began to pour, thunder and lightening terribly. People with umbrellas offered to share with people without them. The weather was absolutely horrendous!!! I got completely soaked as well as my luggage.There was a brief reprieve from the rain around 6:40. I took that opportunity to walk up to the front and ask the bus attendant when the bus was coming. He told me in a very angry and annoyed voice "I\'ve called our headquarters many times. They told me the 5pm bus was running late but that was over an hour ago. Now when I call no one answers the phone. I\'m frustrated and pissed"He than preceeded to tell me he had no idea when the bus was coming. I went back to the line and told the others what I found out. Everyone was so angry that there was no information at all for us. Just at that time the storm resumed soaking everyone in its path. With the knowledge that no one knew when the bus was coming and the fact that I began to feel ill I decided to leave the line at 7pm. I was absolutely horrified by my experience. I was unable to go to D.C. on Fri. as scheduled.I called customer service at Megabus today since I recovered from the cold I got from standing out in the rain. The first number I called kept me on hold while they looked into who could help me with my complaint and my request for a REFUND. They finally gave me another number to call for complaints. I proceeded to call that number. I was on hold for 10 minutes and no one came to speak to me .I WILL NEVER EVER EVER USE MEGABUS AGAIN!!! IT WAS THE WORST EXEPERIENCE WITH TRANSPORTATION THAT I\'VE EVER HAD. I WILL SPREAD THE WORD OF THEIR TERRRIBLE SERVICE EVERYWHERE I CAN. MATTER OF FACT I\'LL BE CONTACTING CHANNEL 7 EYEWITNESS NEWS TO SEE IF THEY CAN GET IN TOUCH WITH MANAGEMENT. ITS SAD TO SEE I GAVE THEM THE OPPORTUNITY TO TRY AND RECTIFY THE SITUTATION BUT NO ONE EVER CAME ON THE PHONE.HEED MY WORD OF ADVICE-NEVER EVER EVER TAKE MEGABUS!! TRY BOLT IF YOU ARE IN DIRE NEED OF BUS TRANSPORT.', 'stars': '5.0'}
{'review': "New location is at 31st and 11th/12th Ave. No wonder yelp can't keep up with the changing address. This is their third location in 12 months. I hate waiting for the bus at a hot dog stand on 11th Ave. when we used to have a legitimate shelter in the tents right in Times Square. Megabus tries to be efficient with their available schedule monitor app, the first of its kind in this industry. However, the ap far too oft has insufficient info about any critical delays! And the Friday schedules need to be more honest. Add an hour since the traffic is always unaccounted for. My bus is regularly an hour an 45 minutes late to its destination, in fact. An impossible schedule to uphold on any Friday. The saving grace is the low price you pay for reserved seats.", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': 'If I could give a quarter of the star for this service I would but one is the lowest I can, omg I have never experience worst quality transportation ever, I did complained about Peter Pan but you know what I am taking back, I rather pay $4 extra and have bigger and more comfortable seats and ac that actually works, my last trip by mega bus from Washington, D.C. Was like punishment, I will never ever use this service no I will ever let my friends to do so, horrible uncomfortable bus, it makes passenger feel like in sardines can, without place for over head luggage and ac that barely works... Stay away from this service my friends good advise, trust me!', 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "First and last time using Megabus. Chaotic getting onto the bus with disorganized lines in NY. Staff is as polite as an avalanche. Outlets not working on the return trip in a reserved seat. I got to the station on the return trip early and the guy wouldn't let me take the earlier half empty bus. Wifi is useless. You can connect but can't open anything. Back to Washington Deluxe bus next time.", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "I write this while on the mega from NYC to Baltimore for my first time with megabus. I enjoy the free wi fi, but they claim to be the innovator of bus services so I really wish they had food or drink service or something like that. It's pretty comparable to Any other bus I've been on, so not sure why the hype. I'm also attaching the pic of a really rude guy who monitors those getting on the bus, and emailing it too the company so the employees know how people should be treated. He didn't have a name tag, so I had to creepily take a pic.", 'stars': '4.0'}
{'review': 'SO many things wrong I don\'t know where to begin.Ok, let\'s start chronologically:PRE-TRIP:1 I reserved these seats over 2 months ahead. Less than a month later they change an already super-early bus ticket to leave an entire HOUR early, making it substantially easy for me to MISS THE GODDAMN BUS back altogether.2 I was put on hold over 20 mins btwn 2 separate phone calls to rectify this (change my ticket at THEIR expense), the finally given a NEW # to call when I reached someone. By the time this person started to help me (after 10 more mins waiting) MY PHONE RAN OUT OF MINS. Each time I called back I was greeted with this weird \'your call cannot be processed at this time\' from the Megabus system. I was so angry I wanted to throw the phone at someone\'s HEAD.3 \xa0Only days later did it allow me to get a person back on the phone, where, at THIS point I was worried that they wouldn\'t even have 2 extra seats on the new bus I wanted!!! Maybe that was the point.Trip:4 I arrive at the NY stop, 30 mins or so early to get my favorite seat. Not only are the ticket takers rude as HELL, they don\'t do there jobs very well, and keep asking me to move around although I was at the front of the line for my group. 5 THEN I am told that my 4:50 bus will now come at 5:20.... Ahhh.... Say WHAT??? I am on my feet on the hard sidewalk, sun BLARING (NO SHADE), it\'s at least 90F, and my trip will already get me there at 12:30 in the fucking morning!!!! Now I have to wait even LONGER?!?! "They sent out the new time like a month and a half ago". Yeah, for my SECOND FUCKING BUS!!-_not this one two!!6 Ooohh I was pissed. And to add insult to injury the guys let the ENTIRE back of the line ahead of me, saying that they were first, despite the incessant cries of the FRONT OF THE LINE.Aside: Why are ALL the ticket takers I\'ve ever seen with Megabus (aside from ONCE) 1, MEN, and 2, guys that look and act like they just escaped prison for felony assault? This is truly ass-backwards Affirmative Action, and makes for LOUSY customer service.7 NO toilet paper on my bus. Oh and mister ticket-taker Domincana doesn\'t give a shit about that... not his job to care. So go borrow napkins from the hot dog vendor YOURSELF. Oh wait, there are PAPER TOWELS. That, by our 1st stop, when I go to pee there is literally 1/4 of 1 sheet left. Oh bus driver....Oh wait, not his job to care either---he doesn\'t restock until there are 3 hours left in the trip and only maybe 8 people left on the bus. WOW.8 It was fucking freezing. And of course, the driver refused to turn the air off/down. 9 And I\'ve said this before so let me reiterate: This bus gave NO driver greeting (customer service anyone????), NOR played the safety movie, which is a HUGE liability if we get into an accident and some of us got hurt. \xa0I notice that this occurs 60% of the time nowadays--no instructional vids. This did not happen on the bus back either, which drove VERY dangerously might I add, but we\'ll get back to that in a bit.10 What\'s that sound? Oh wait, GOSPEL MUSIC PLAYING NOT-SO-FAINTLY OUT OF EVERY SINGLE AIR VENT! I smtm use annoyances as a way to develop patience, but when I remembered that mky trip was 7.5 FUCKING hours that all went out the window. 5 songs later I marched up to the \'oblivious\' driver, who hpnd to have earplugs in, and asked him as calmly as I could with my blood boiling, to TURN THAT SHIT OFF!!! I was met my applause and thanks by the riders.Trip 2:11 WE GOT PULLED OVER FOR SPEEDING.Let me reiterate: \xa0WE GOT PULLED OVER FOR SPEEDING.What in the fucking FUCK?!?! Only about an hour in might I add. In my many many trips with MB, this is my first brush with the law. Or extremely dangerous driving for a TWO- DECKER BUS full of people.12 THE ELECTRICITY WAS OUT. Meaning no charging phones to tell your parents, after a 6 hour ride when you were getting off the bus, or no finishing that Chemistry homework, or in my case, making a dent in the 300 page novel that\'s due back tomorrow. The only working thing (thankfully) was the bathroom light.13 When we got closer to NYC there were some crazy bumps and turns and I and the guy across from me was seriously afraid something was going to go down. We screamed our on versions of "What the FUCK?!?!" looking around bewildered, and I told my best friend, who was on the phone, \'I love you, man\', in case we truly were to die. FUCKING SCARY. To the point my across-the-aisle seatmate suddenly developed a strong case of Tourette\'s.NOW you see why that damn safety message is so goddamn important?????I just don\'t know what it is....-Why suddenly does NO ONE hired by Megabus understand what decent customer service entails?-Why is 95% of staff men? (With almost zero percent ethic diversity?)-Why do I suddenly feel unsafe riding with this company?All I know is next time I go to New England, it will be on a PLANE***just ran out of characters for this review', 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "Megabus is a megabust with exceptionally megabad service. \xa0With the recent accidents on the road, you need to have megaballs to ride one of these things. \xa0A supposed two-hour trip to Philadelphia from New York turned into a four hour ordeal. \xa0A late megabus is an early megabus. \xa0This never-on-time feature should be blasted all over the sides of its double-decker fleet and the website. \xa019 million customers served probably amount to 19 million complaints. \xa0The plus side is it's still cheaper than Amtrak and less sketchy than the Chinatown bus serving New York and Philly, which was closed down indefinitely due to certain health concerns the last time I checked. \xa0I heard a legend that the $1 advertising price can be achieved with precise timing and location. \xa0The ride itself is surprisingly pleasant besides the fact that you constantly have to worry about the bus nose-diving into a ravine or spontaneous combusting. Would I try this again? \xa0Probably if I have no other way to get to Philly. \xa0Otherwise, it's megabye-bye for me.", 'stars': '2.0'}
{'review': "This review is specifically the 10/8/14 -10pm bus from D.C to N.Y. I've traveled on Mega many times but I was bitten by something on the bus that night and had a terrible reaction en route to N.Y. Woke up the next morning with several visible bite marks on my body and an eye that was swollen shut. It looks like someone punched me in the eye! Went to the doctor and he said I had a severe reaction to a bed bug bite. Left an email with the company advising to have their coaches treated for bed bugs. PLEASE! Hoping that someone from the company will see this and take action.", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': 'One piece of advice: Do not book with MegaBusSHORT VERSION- We waited for 4 hours (9:30pm-1:30am) for a bus that never showed up- Customer service provided us with no updates during those 4 hours- After over a week of waiting, I have not been contacted about a refundLONG VERSIONTime in the Terminal:We booked tickets with Peter Pan / Greyhound on the way down to Boston for the Memorial Day Long Weekend and had a wonderful overnight trip. Going back to New York we wanted to leave after the Memorial Day traffic had subsided and chose MegaBus because they had a bus that left at 9:30pm that would get us into New York by 1:30am - 2:00am ... BIG MISTAKE #1.We arrived at the bus terminal 30 minutes early and got in line for the bus - 9:30pm came and went, without a bus, so we went to the customer service desk. Unfortunately, there was nobody working (may be helpful to know that Lucky Star and Greyhound both had staff available to help). We picked up the phone to call customer service and were told to call back in 15 minutes for an update. Sparing you some of the details, we, and the other disgruntled passengers called back regularly for the next \xa03.5 hours and never heard anything different (their customer service phone line shuts down at 1am, at which point we had no way of contacting them).We thought the bus may just be late because of memorial day traffic, though busses from other companies were coming and going from New York, even those that had supposedly left New York for Boston later than our bus should have. After an hour of waiting, we considered purchasing tickets from another bus company so that we could get home that evening. I went to Lucky Star to purchase the tickets (they had 4 available!!), and just after paying for them got a call from my friend, waiting at the Gate - "Our bus is here!" The Lucky Star attendant very kindly allowed us to refund the tickets (BIG MISTAKE #2), after which I ran back to the gate. Despite the fact that a bus had arrived from New York, with the same reference # as the bus that we were supposed to be leaving on, the driver said he was done for the evening, got in the bus, and drove off to park it somewhere for the night. This happened 2 more times with different MegaBusses coming in and leaving to park.Customer service continued to provide no updates and we were told that the only way we could escalate our complaint was to send an email to MegaBus directly (which we did, only to receive a reply 2 days later). Our fellow passengers started taking other busses and calling up hotels to re-book for the night. We eventually called it quits at 1:30am, at which point there were still 10-15 people trying to sort something out.We ended up spending the day in Boston, missing a day of work, and traveling back to New York the following evening using Peter Pan / Greyhound where we once again had a great experience.Getting a Refund:Through this whole fiasco, I expected, at a minimum that we would be reimbursed the price of our tickets - BIG MISTAKE #3!I spoke with somebody on their Customer Service team who said that it was company policy to provide refunds in instances where the bus is 2 hours late. Two days later, I received an email in response to my original complaint on the night of the incident, to which I responded with a question about the next steps for getting a refund. The email response back was that there was no company policy to provide refunds and that my complaint was going to be forwarded to operations for consideration.After another 4 days without an email or call from MegaBus, I called customer service again only to be told that not only was it not company policy to provide refunds but that our bus had left on time. It was at this point that I was prompted to write this review ...There are some things that I can put up with ... and others that no company should consider as "business as usual" ...- A bus arriving later than expected on Memorial Day Long weekend ... okay- A bus never arriving after 4 hours \xa0... NOT okay- Not so awesome customer service for a low-cost bus ticket ... okay- Not receiving an update and not having any way of escalating a situation when something goes wrong ... NOT okay- Refund that\'s a slow to process after a long weekend ... okay- Getting incorrect information from multiple customer service reps about a refund policy and then being told that "our systems show that the bus left on time" ... NOT okayAt the end of the day, the cost for Greyhound or Lucky Star and MegaBus was between $3 - $7. While it\'s probably exceedingly obvious by now, it\'s safe to say that I will never take MegaBus again and hope that this Yelp review (one of very few negative reviews I have written on any site) will help others and perhaps you (if you\'re still reading this) avoid the mistake that I made.', 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "I recently took Megabus to Philly from New York, It was exactly on time. There wasn't a lot of people so there was plenty of space we actually got there 30 minutes before so that was a plus. On my trip back I actually missed my bus I remembered you can pay cash at the bus stop so when I got there the bus was already waiting there about 40 minutes before the staff was pretty nice and helpful and again I got to New York 30 minutes before the estimated time. Guess I just got lucky I'll definitely take Megabus again.", 'stars': '5.0'}
{'review': "A great deal. They really run things the right way! Forget the Chinatown bus services--you will never go back to those death-traps once you try either Megabus or Boltbus. Of the two, (Mega and Bolt) I have to give the nod to Mega. Megabus is just so totally impressive. Mostly thronged with nice, pleasant college students. CLEAN, good-smelling, double-decker buses; with decent roominess. I love the pick-up locations and the on-line reservations. Also whenever I've thrown them a curve they've always tried to accommodate. Such as, me typically wanting to take an earlier bus. Yep, they let you do that.And \xa0 The Mega drivers always seem to be firm and no-nonsense. Hurrah!", 'stars': '4.0'}
{'review': "Not exactly a luxury ride, but pretty damn good for the amount you're paying!I used to take Bolt Bus whenever I'd make my way out to Philly. Boarding was always a circus, with nobody ever seeming to fully know just what the hell was going on. The buses were sub par and the free wi-fi they spoke of never seemed to work.But Mega Bus delivered on all of it's promises. The buses themselves are far nicer, usually double decker buses with lots of leg room. The staff is more organized and quicker and their wi-fi actually works. All for an average of $12 or less each way!It's officially become my go-to mode of transportation whenever I'm Philadelphia bound.", 'stars': '3.0'}
{'review': "I have really had it with megabus. \xa0This week I used it twice and both times the bus was more than an hour late. \xa0One of the times the electrical outlets worked but not the wifi. \xa0Today both were not working. \xa0The driver was unfriendly and not helpful. \xa0I can't believe I am saying this but I am switching back to Greyhound (!!). They are generally on-time these days, have new buses, and their outlets/wifi are more reliable. \xa0It's a little more expensive - but seem to be far more reliable lately (at least on the routes that I take). \xa0:(", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "The difference between Bolt Bus and MegaBus strikes me as about the same as the difference between Target and Wal-Mart.At Target, the entire experience just seems a little bit better and you're surrounded by the color red. Same with Bolt. Friendlier staff, more comfortable seats and a smoother ride surrounded by a red bus.At Wal-Mart, things are more dodgy. Dirtier store, more crowded and prices are just a little bit lower than Target. Same with Mega Bus. Staff seems ruder (to generalize), buses are less comfortable with smaller seats and more people packed together.In the future, I might pay the dollar or two more to travel with Bolt over Mega.", 'stars': '2.0'}
{'review': "DO NOT rely on the outlets or wifi. The bus itself is pretty reliable, but the amenities like the power outlets and wifi frequently do not work. It gets there early and leaves on time. My biggest complaint- aside from the girl next to me who did not understand the concept of personal space- is that they completely underestimate the amount of time traffic takes, as I got to my destination 40 minutes later than scheduled. The stop for arriving in NYC is great, right in front of FIT and immediately next to a subway. The stop for departing NYC is sort of in the middle of no where and is kind of a hike from the subway depending on where you're coming from. I would count on taking a cab or car service there. All in all you get what you pay for- a $10-20 trip to New York City without stops, what could be more convenient?!", 'stars': '3.0'}
{'review': 'Megabus belongs in the worst cities in the worst third world countries. It should not be operating in this country. Besides being so late with no refunds for any reason whatsoever, I can\'t believe what I witnessed from one of the most horrible drivers I have ever seen in my life. During an unscheduled stop on the 8:30 a..m. from NYC to D.C., this horrendous woman driver deliberately abandoned a fellow passenger without his belongings and cell phone. The guy got off quickly to grab a snack from the hawker who stuck his head in to the bus selling $1 water and granola (with the obvious blessing of the ground staffer, who probably got a kickback). He wasn\'t off the bus 20 seconds when she took off, and despite our cries and the wave of the ground staffer, yelled out the window in a barely coherent English "tell him to take the next bus. I wasn\'t supposed to work the 8:30." \xa0Beyond the empathy towards being separated from your stuff while traveling and or the horror at the sheer lack of accountability and humanity in this driver, but it\'s as if I were traveling in a third world country where all the rules of civilized society have been abandoned. This on the Northeast Corridor from NYC to D.C.! At D.C., almost 90 minutes late btw, we collected his belongings and saw the long list of texts on his from a friend or loved one who had no idea where he was (and we tried to respond, but the iPhone goes to lock once you swipe it), we spoke to the ground crew, who seemed in no way bothered by this, while the sick woman driver screamed at me from inside the bus. Three times the price for AMTRAK and no refund by Megabus be damned, there is NO WAY I\'m getting back on that bus for the return trip to NYC. I called the credit card company and am disputing the return fare charges and sucking up the outrageous AMTRAK fare for peace of mind.', 'stars': '3.0'}
{'review': 'Not a fan! Why, do you ask?1. Lack of Helpful Staff Presence - I arrived and stood on the line with a sign that read: Philadelphia. \xa0But, then a guy started shouting "D.C., whose headed to D.C.?" \xa0You can imaging my confusion, after all I can read. But he told me that this was the D.C. line (even though the stand clearly read Philadelphia). \xa0Okay? So, I was directed to walk all the way to the back of the line behind all the D.C. folks. \xa0The weirdest thing was the D.C. folks were waaaay behind schedule--the 11:30 AM departure group was still waiting at noon.2. Side-to-Side Shuffle - Ok, so I\'m on the line and then I\'m informed that I need to stand on the right against the wall. \xa0When the next group is called up to board their bus, I (and the rest of the Philly group departing at our fastly approaching departure time) need to move to the left against the chains that keep us "organized" while another group moves into our old spot. \xa0And then we\'re moved to the right, then left again...(fast forward) until I\'m right where I was when I first arrived up close and personal with the Philadelphia sign. \xa0Really?3. Unreliable Amenities - Finally, I find myself seated on the bus. To kill time, I thankfully spent my time listening in on a Web conference and when it was done I decided to charge my phone. \xa0I plugged my phone charger in and...wait for it, wait for it...nothing happened. \xa0And I wasn\'t the only one complaining about it. \xa04. Adding Insult to e-Injury? \xa0Besides not being able to charge my phone, the AC was not working properly. \xa0Very little air was coming out, and I had that bad boy on max! \xa0My 18-month-old nephew blows more air when he\'s playing with his toy bubble wand then that messed up AC. \xa0It was about 30 minutes before the driver stopped at a depot to get someone to look at it. \xa0And although it was better than before, the AC wasn\'t that great at keeping us cool. \xa0I only tried this bus line after hearing good things about it from a friend. \xa0I think this lesson was crystal clear...ya get what you pay for! \xa0Mega lesson learned.', 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "OK, I know some folks have had a negative experience with Megabus, so perhaps we've just been lucky, but we've been lucky ca. 5-6 times, so maybe that's more than luck. The buses have always been clean (at least when we've been on them), the fares are dirt cheap, the wifi outlets have always worked.Here's why I am a fan of Megabus: this past Friday I left our suitcase on the bus by accident. I called their office, and they originally suggested that I pick it up in Elizabeth, New Jersey. When I told them I live in Hell's Kitchen, they said they'd bring it to their 34th St boarding location, which they did. For that alone, for not making me waste half a day picking up that suitcase, I give them five stars. They didn't have to do that--it was my mistake, and they were cool about it. So, thanks Megabus, I'll keep riding you as long as I am without a car and suggesting you to friends and family as long as things are this good.", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "Every time I take the Megabus, I'm reminded how much I hate it, but I keep coming back for more. I love to be tortured.There are two reasons I despise the Megabus:1. The wait2. The 65% chance the entire bus will smell like a fresh urinal cakeSometimes they have organized lines. \xa0Other times, there are intermingled lines running alongside the avenue. \xa0I never know what to expect. The following people are not fit to ride the Megabus:-Passengers who get nervous easily.-Passengers who demand flawless WIFI.-Passengers who are not patient.-Passengers who need to use the bathroom frequently when waiting to board a bus.Take advantage of a great price if you purchase your ticket early enough. If not, the price will become more expensive than Greyhound.The difference between Megabus and Greyhound is shelter. If you prefer to be guarded from all forces of nature, go Greyhound.", 'stars': '5.0'}
{'review': 'To bad I can\'t give zero stars. Worst company ever!!!! I booked an early bus so I could be at my appointment on time and after the bus is suppose to arrive they tell me " something happened it\'s going to be late 40-1 hr" I had no time to spare. Waited the hour ( which was all I had ) went to the staff and said is the bus leaving? " oh it\'s broken , we don\'t know " .. No one could give me answers. Hour and a half later I had to leave because now no point of going !!!!! WHY WASNT A NEW BUS SENT???? Complete idiots here / rude / ghetto staff. Never using this company , and I suggest you don\'t either.', 'stars': '2.0'}
{'review': 'Consistently awful. But often cheapest mode of transportation between nyc and dc or boston.', 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "Instead of adding to the cacophony of complaints that Megabus does indeed deserve I will try to summarize my entire trip and let the reader decide if my stars are fair.Before I get into the actual review I'm going to give you a list of items that you will need if you want to survive this hellish endeavor.- Your own water bottle- A pillow- Sound CANCELING HEADPHONES & some kind of audio device- Your own food (or you'll get ripped off)- A change of socks (waiting in the sun after trekking through NYC socks, er, sucks)- Your reservation ID- Legit directions including a printed map so that you can find the damn place- Sun glasses- Patience. You will arrive at least a HOUR LATE to your destination.I managed to purchase a round trip from Boston to NY for the total price of $2.50 dollars. A NY subway ride costs $2.75 and a trip on the MNR can run you up to $20, yet the ROUND TRIP from Boston to NY cost me $2.50. Go figure. Upon my arrival, which was 1.5 hours early, I was greeted with the sight and sound of a Megabus customer chasing down a bus! The guy ran two blocks before the driver finally 'noticed' him and let him on at a red light. Lucky man. I located my line and took a seat in front of a very sparsely shaded fence and waited. The day was very hot and as the line filled up with people there wasn't enough shade to go around. People were definitely suffering and the most unprepared of the bunch had to buy tiny $3 bottles of water from the vulture vendors nearby.Getting there very early paid off because I didn't bring luggage, just a small backpack, and I was 4th in line (the other 3 had to stop to put luggage in back) but was first on the bus. I took a seat on the top level of the bus in the front row and felt quite satisfied. Not a lot of leg room but the view is pretty sweet. *NOTE IF YOU WANT TO SLEEP*Get to the second floor of the bus and take the seat(s) right behind the front row. They have the best leg room on the bus. The AC worked, the WiFi was nonexistent (duh), and the bathroom was wretched. I made the mistake of informing an overweight traveler that the seat next to me was, in fact, not taken. Big mistake. These seats are quite small and very close together so personal space is a difficult thing to find. His stink was terrible and I think he was physically unable to respect my personal space. Oh well. The bus left on time but was 45 minutes late. The driver was SO TIMID. Shockingly timid! The return driver was even worse. He was 1 hour 20 minutes late and he couldn't stop cracking stupid jokes that nobody on the bus wants to hear. This bus runs SLOW. Be warned. This is unequivocally the worst bus I have traveled on but the low price is going to keep me coming back for more.", 'stars': '2.0'}
{'review': 'I had my virgin Mega bus experience at the weekend I\'m sad to say it is a cherry I wish I hadn\'t popped. \xa0When I think of Mega Bus now, one thing comes to mind, A little song called "I fucking hate you" by Godsmack, I think the writer must of rode with mega bus a few times for inspiration. I was recommended your service by a friend who swore by your reliability, and told me that It was as good as greyhound and half the price. While the price may be right reliability is sorely lacking. \xa0 I Boarded my bus in NYC to depart for Cleveland, it was supposed to be 3:10 Departure and 1:00 am arrival. Between being frozen by an AC that the driver is not allowed to control navigating winding roads up to seedy motels, that no double-decker bus should traverse and the fact that we are three hours late, I feel I witnessed hell on earth. \xa0I was travelling to Cleveland to visit a friend who is there for family reasons and time was of the essence as I could only stay the weekend, Well Mega Bus dont give a fuck about your plans. The return trip was equally horrific, I was supposed to leave Cleveland at 7:00 am and arrive in New York city at 6pm. Ladies and gentlemen that did not happen. The bus arrived at 8:40 am and when we finally departed we were nearing 9:00. We then spent the next few hours on a bus driven by some clown who got his license from a corn flakes box. When we arrived at Pennsylvania University college for a drop off and collection of fresh eager faces we were informed we were behind shecdule, so out rest stop was now converted into this drop of collection stop. We travelled for the next 5 hours we no STOPS! Eventually we arrived in New York city at 9:40 pm. Now ladies and gentlemen I have called to complain to Mega Bus about this matter but there customer service is about as useful as a glass hammer, It\'s merely a facade to try and placate you and inform you of mega buses terms and conditions. Apparently 6 hours worth of delays in both directions is not quite enough of \xa0a delay to warrant a complaint according to Mega Bus. You disgust me I hope your bus company drowns in a sea of hate. I would rather take a bath with a toaster then ever you use your bus again.', 'stars': '2.0'}
{'review': 'Megabus is the worst out of all bus companies. So inconsiderate of passengers bc always late, no control over temperature, nothing on the bus ever works, and the list goes on and on. I have given Megabus SO many chances maybe....30 times? And it has a 1% success rate so...never again.', 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': 'Standing in South Station, watching the 4:00 pm BoltBus back to NYC leave, as you are still in line for the 3:30 MegaBus that hasn\'t shown up yet...that\'s depressing.And not just because you\'re in Boston.When the 4:30 BoltBus pulls into the station, and there is still no MegaBus in sight, "depressing" gradually morphs into "infuriating."', 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "I'm going to be fair and methodical in this review by starting the review at five stars and taking off one star for every promise the bus has failed to deliver, or any other issues that a passenger on a bus should not reasonably have to deal with.The first star comes off because they promise both power outlets and wifi, but on the NYC to Boston trip I was on, they put us on a rundown Dattco bus that had neither, AND was significantly smaller than the regular buses. In fact it had the leg room of the old Fung Wah buses.The next star comes off because they promise to get you between NYC and Boston in about four hours and ten minutes. If there is traffic or other outside issues then of course it's not their fault, but on my route the roads were clear, and it still took over five hours.On a night coach you expect to get some peace and quiet and maybe sleep. On this one, there was rock music constantly blaring from the speakers in the front while the driver loudly either whistled or sang along to them. Maybe on a Friday evening this is okay, but not on a Sunday night on a bus arriving at 1:30am.This might've just been a bad trip for the MegaBus, but based on its low star ratings from other reviewers, I'd say I would not take the MegaBus again unless I was in this specific position again, which is that all the other bus companies had booked up.", 'stars': '2.0'}
{'review': "Comfortable but how in the world do you turn off the annoying music!!?? It's driving me nuts.", 'stars': '3.0'}
{'review': "The worst! Always late and never courteous. If you happen to get the miracle bus that arrives on time... Play the lottery... You're a lucky SOB. You get what you pay for.", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "The New York Megabus location is so inconvenient. The drop-off is good if you are headed anywhere uptown or downtown on the 1 train, but the departures from 34th between 11th and 12th is so far out of the way. It takes roughly ten minutes walking from Penn Station to get here and if you are someone like me who normally doesn't want to wait a long time to go back home...then this can be frustrating.If the prices are the same as BoltBus...take BoltBus...if they are cheaper, then expect to get what you pay for. I don't think Megabus is bad, it just is not consistent enough to merit my money. Especially if you are going to or from the New York stop.", 'stars': '2.0'}
{'review': 'This is the first bad review I\'ve ever written. I am completely shocked at the rudeness and lack of customer service I\'ve just experienced. We purchased a $60 R/T ticket for my 17 yr old daughter to come home for Spring Break. Bus was to depart at 3:30pm. Her and about 15-20 other students arrived at 3pm, waited, waited, and waited some more. A Megabus pulls up at 4:15pm and when the students tried to board the driver said "sorry, this is the 4:15pm bus, the 3:30 left. You can\'t board this bus." \xa0Long story short, apparently there was a substitute bus sent, a Coach bus, no sign or notification that it was operating as a Megabus. When no students boarded, the bus just left....empty! Now my daughter is stranded with about 30 other students on campus, which they must vacate by 6pm. No buses available to get home and Megabus is telling me I need to either go pick her up myself......what?!!!!! (I\'m 9 months pregnant and live 4 hours away from SUNY Albany) or purchase ANOTHER ticket for tomorrow morning. I will never purchase tickets through Megabus again and will start advising everyone I know to pick another bus company. I am LIVID!', 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': 'Don\'t use Megabus. We left Boston an hour late for New York City only to stop 2.5 hours later in the middle of no where to wait for another driver to show up because ours had exceeded his legal driving time. He knew this was going to happen and he did not notify us ahead of time so that we could take a different bus company. It\'s been 45 minutes and the new driver still isn\'t here. I\'m never using this "service" again and I will definitely be contacting the Better Business Bureau to complain.', 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "It's bad enough that there's no personal there to ever help or assist you, it's even worse that the bus departure times are so unreliable and problematic. Spend the extra money for other means of transportation, MegaBus isn't worth it.", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': 'I\'m currently in the first half of the fourth hour of waiting to pick my Bostonian friend up from her bus ride here, to Manhattan. \xa0Apparently "the driver ran out of hours", and had to make an essential and immediate hour-long stop in Westchester while a replacement driver was carted up.My own experience with Mega is not much better. \xa0Especially here in New York where their loading and unloading points are all outdoors, the hours and minutes late the buses are start to add up. \xa0Wi-Fi and power outlets regularly don\'t work; \xa0I still think of that as kind of a luxury though (so free pass there) but horrible customer service, and worse timing than the cable guy make Megabus an absolute horror show.In short 1/5 stars for being absolutely wretched, +1 bonus star for neat second-story-front-row-windshield-seats. \xa0Even after the fifteen dollar charge, they\'re pretty spiffy.', 'stars': '2.0'}
{'review': 'I travel to Philadelphia at least once a month via bus or train. When the craze of $1 fares came out I switched from Greyhound to \xa0Mega and Bolt. Mega sucks and here is why......they stop 3 times before getting to the destination point. Once on the turnpike to switch drivers, once in Camden and once in Old City, Philadelphia. Ive taken the bus twice and there was NO air condition during hot summer months. And I\'ve also broken down on this bus twice. Its a crap shoot if you\'ll get to your destination still in a sane mind. Also if you decide to change your trip you lose your money b/c \xa0there are no refunds so the $12 fare (if you get one at that price) is now wasted money. The "free Wifi" NEVER WORKS the bandwidth is not enough to support even one computer. And the bus stops are so far from any NYC public transportation that by the time u get to the bus you are physically exhausted from carrying your bags. I recommend bolt before mega and greyhound express over all others. I would only take this bus if there were NO other options at all.', 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "This is the worst bus service. I had purchased a ticket at 10am for a bus from Boston to New York that would leave at 3pm. Well I called them up shortly after stating I won't need to use the ticket because I got offered a ride and asked them if I can get a refund or use the ticket later on. The person on customer service stated no and that I should have called 6 hours ahead. This is beyond absurd because I called half an hour after I purchased the ticket asking to either get a refund or use it later on. People please save yourselves from dealing with this kind of service that can't even accommodate. I basically lost $36 on a bus ride that I never used. I have always used megabus for my trips but now I will never use them and will every one know about my experience with this so called $1 bus service. MEGABUS IS HORRIBLE AND HAS THE WORST CUSTOMER SERVICE. PEOPLE SAVE YOUR MONEY AND USE A SERVICE THAT HAS BETTER CUSTOMER SERVICE. MEGABUS JUST SCAMS US WITH THE $1 tickets which aren't even offered now.", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "DO NOT RIDE WITH MEGABUS. Consider yourself warned. Yesterday was supposed to get on a bus from DC at 3pm and ended up leaving at 5:15pm. Never were updated as to WHY we were so late, we were just lied to about the reasons which were clearly made up. All of the other buses going to NY were leaving at the correct times (ie Boltbus, Greyhound, Peter Pan, etc) so there was truly no excuse. From talking to other people on the line while waiting over 2 hours, this is not uncommon for Megabus. Apparently waiting at least an hour is just what you expect when you ride with this company. Never doing it again and you shouldn't either. It's not worth the few dollars you save in the end. Go with BoltBus or one of the other options, trust me.", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': 'The skinny - Did it get me from one place to the other safely? Yes. Did I enjoy any of it? No.The Fat -Fiancee and I decide to take the 7:00pm bus from NYC to Toronto. We got to the Penn Station street thingy (you cannot call it a terminal) at around 6:30. There were just people everywhere ( had to have been around 300 people), waiting for their Megabus. No organization what-so-ever. No lines, no signs as to where to stand and no one directing the literally massive hoards of individuals. We kind of just asked around, and what we found was horrifying. Sample:Me: "Is this the line for the 7pm bus to Toronto?"Person: "No - I\'m waiting for my 5:30 to Baltimore." (Mind you, its around 6:45ish now)Buses just kind of pull up towards the front of the building. If you\'re in the back of the line/ clump I would suggest just effing it and wait by where the buses pull up. There\'s no rhyme or reason to stand near a or on a line/ clump.People were still waiting for their 5:30 buses, when our Toronto bus showed up. It came late at around 7:30, but thankfully it was only 30min and not 2 hours (poor Baltimore/ DC peoples). Once I got on the bus, I thought I\'d be okay - but I was wrong. Pro -tips:1) The wireless doesn\'t really work, so forget it. Download movies ahead of time and bring DVDs.2) Bring WATER. It was sweltering hot on the bus! They didn\'t even stop to let you off until Syracuse - 5 HOURS LATER! I was crying with dehydration by the time I got there. 3) I am 4\'11\'\' and I was cramped! The space between seats if VERY small. And again, they don\'t let you off for about 5 hours at a time - so get comfortable.Got to Toronto though in one piece (though about an hour late) safely. The drivers were very knowledgeable and drove very well. Also, the bus was very very clean. Can\'t complain about that.The way back was better - the bus was on time, and stopped more frequently at shorter intervals. I was hydrated and the bus (like the last one) was clean and new. So - just like flying, I would do it again - because it is cheap and safe. But, also like flying that doesn\'t mean I have to like doing it. Travel Megabus at your own risk.', 'stars': '3.0'}
{'review': "Oh Megabus. I've had such mixed experiences with you, but I seem to keep coming back. For a cheap way to get to and from Pennsylvania, you really can't beat Megabus. Megabus is organized, always arrives and leaves on time, and you always know what to expect. With the ghettoer ones like the Chinatown bus, it's pretty much a crap shoot. To ride the Megabus, all you have to do is book it online. If you're lucky enough, you can even snag a seat for $1. One of the things that kind of does suck is that almost every bus is packed. That means, you have to pretty much hunt like a vulture for rotten meat, and try and scrounge up a seat. Out of the 4-5 times that I've rode on the Megabus, there was only one time in which it was pretty empty. Nonetheless, it does have pretty decent perks. Free wi-fi, outlets to charge your electronics, and of course the bathroom. Sadly though, the wi-fi doesn't work half the time or is slower than a snail. That, and the outlets to charge your stuff isn't in every seat. Thus, you'll have to ask someone to use it if you don't have one near you. Sure Megabus isn't as cheap as the Boltbus, but it get's the job done. You know what to expect, and you're given the same thing every time.", 'stars': '3.0'}
{'review': 'Never again...........Went from NYC to DC for the weekend. Had a 6 o\'clock reservation. Get there at 5:45.... turns into 6:10, no bus for us. Then we are told they are stuck in the Tunnel and it will be another hour till they get into the city. WHAT. THE. F!(**%r@#(!!!! It\'s 29 degrees outside, and I am about to get in someone\'s face.... I was so pissed. These people obviously don\'t keep in touch with their drivers efficiently enough. I mean hello, they do have service in the tunnel. Call them!!15 minutes later, what do you know, our bus shows up. My mood is already downhill though. We\'re herded onto the bus like cattle. Um guess what? The bus is FREEZING cold. There is no heat on whatsoever! That didn\'t change the rest of the night. I had to wear my coat, scarf, hat and gloves the entire trip because I wasn\'t able to warm up at all. So annoying. I could feel my immune system silently planning to attack me. We didn\'t even leave till 6:45!Our route to DC had a stopover in Baltimore. Ok fine then. BUT when we get to the stop, the bus driver leaves the door of the bus open for 15 minutes... and being cold as it was inside the bus, just made me even more pissed off. It was below freezing and he left the door open?! We even asked him to close the damn door but he refused saying "just waiting for other passengers to show up..." WTF?! You can open AND close the door, you know? You close that freaking door before I commandeer this piece of crap bus and run over you with it. There are three states of being that you do not want to find me in unless you want to die: hungry, cold, or tired. As I was all 3 of those, this man was seriously asking for a death wish. After I reminded myself that I had too many witnesses around, I calmed down and took pleasure in imagining this scenario the remainder of the trip.The ride back from DC to NYC wasn\'t as terrible... the heat was on but the power outlets didn\'t work. Meh. My phone was dying.Never again though. I don\'t want to subject my immune system to that kind of treatment ever again. I\'ll try Bolt or something else... anything else! You suck Mega Bus.', 'stars': '2.0'}
{'review': "I didn't have a bad experience on this at all. \xa0I was initially nervous about spending five long hours cramped from New York to Boston, read horror stories about the extrinct Fung Wah bus, and of course figured that the worst would happen to me. \xa0I traveled on a Wednesday at 4:00 PM and also assumed that with the traffic I'd get to Boston... never.This was not so! \xa0First, it was not crowded at all, so I got the front row on the very top. \xa0SCORE! \xa0As soon as we got out of the city limits, I zonked out and awoke at 9:00, as we were pulling into Boston! \xa0DEAL. \xa0As I didn't wake up along the way, I can assume that it was a relatively smooth ride.I had a repeat experience on the way back, on Friday at 10:00 AM, except I didn't get the front row that time.Well worth the $11. \xa0And there was WiFi on it. \xa0I was so glad that I didn't spend $200 on Amtrak tickets.", 'stars': '4.0'}
{'review': 'No leg room, surly driver, arrived late...but 1/10th price of airfare from Boston these dates and 1/5th Amtrak. Life is full of trade-offs.', 'stars': '2.0'}
{'review': 'The one star is for the cheap prices they have. Other than that, worst service ever. Took a round trip to DC and was delayed both times. Bathroom was a mess, and we stopped before getting to NYC to switch drivers. Wifi sucks too. Or never works. Pretty ridiculous. Such a long trip, made me want to cut off my legs.', 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "Fool me once, shame on your. Fool me twice, shame on me. I thought I would give Megabus another shot. About a year ago, I used Megabus for a round trip Boston-New York-Boston excursion. I generally use BoltBus for that route but I got myself two $1 tickets with Megabus for this trip. My Boston to New York trip was fine (save for a broken electrical outlet which didn't allow me to charge my computer). New York to Boston, however, was a different story. THEY CANCELED MY BUS. AND DIDN'T INFORM ME. I sat on the street corner, luggage in tow, for 45 minutes after my bus was supposed to arrive. I then found the Megabus store front where the woman told me my bus had been canceled and there was nothing they could do for me. I ended up on a Chinatown bus to Boston an hour later. :(Then I was lured back in by Megabuses new routes to western Massachusetts. Problem was, a blizzard hit the day before my return trip to NYC. Megabus cancelled all buses the day after the blizzard (roads were completely cleared in MA, but NY was not so quick about the cleanup), but didn't think to email the ticket holders for that day! I should have known better... An hour before my scheduled depature, I thought to check the website and realized my bus had been canceled for hours. Double :(. I called the hotline that was supposed to be for ticket holders to reschedule/get a refund. Busy signal. For the next 24 hours. I eventually gave up. I should have known better. Never take Megabus.Next time I will suck it up and buy Greyhound.", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "To be honest, after reading many reviews I was nervous about taking the Megabus. \xa0It really wasn't that bad. I took the bus from NY to DC. \xa0It was late getting to DC, but it was a summer Friday. \xa0I can't complain about my return trip, the bus was on time getting back into the city. \xa0Major con- the bus was FREEZING. \xa0It was august and I didn't have long sleeves or anything. \xa0Bring a sweatshirt!", 'stars': '3.0'}
{'review': "This is the worse bus company ever! Please avoid this! All the employees here are rude and lack of training with what they do. My 5:30pm bus didn't leave until 6:15pm. Well, this is minor. What got me mad was the way they handle the situation. My bus itinerary is 5:30pm and I was directed to get on the line with the people who are also on the 5:30pm bus. \xa0At first, they directed the people who are on the 5pm bus to get on the 5:30 pm bus and after all the ppl got on the 5pm bus, they instructed the ppl who has the 5:30pm bus itinerary to fill it up. Since I have a reserved seat, they asked me to wait until the next bus (waited until 6pm) because there was a person sitting at seat #2. At 6pm, the bus arrived and they instructed me to get on the bus and then at the same time, there was a group of 3 who reserved seats #1,2 and 3 and their itinerary were at 5pm. For my understanding, they are supposed to get on the bus before this one which it left at 5:30pm. The people who has the 5pm itinerary got on the 530 bus. There are people who are also on the bus with me at 6pm has their 5:30pm itinerary. Therefore, there was a conflict happened between these reserved seats. The bus driver came up and stated that he will called NYPD if I don't leave because that 6pm bus is for the 5pm?! Like, are you serious? First of all, all the buses were late and people who purchased their bus tickets didn't follow the time. Instead of saying that I got on the wrong bus at 6pm, why couldn't they said that the group of 3 arrived late and missed their bus at 5:30pm. If one person who has the reserved seat was late, does that mean the rest of the people who has reserved seats after that needs to delay all of their schedule? If I get on the next bus and someone who has the reserved seats, am I going to wait for the next bus again and again? What is the whole purpose to reserved these seats? Useless! Is that what Im supposed to get by paying for the $100 tickets? This is ridiculous and not worth it at all!!!!!!!! I rather pay for the train or flight next time. I didn't do anything wrong, I did and followed exactly what their people instructed me to do it but obviously they all don't know what they are doing because everybody provided different instructions. Please avoid!!!!!!!", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': 'The last time I took Megabus it was much different. The bus was very clean and on time. Wifi still does not work but at least I had an outlet that did.', 'stars': '3.0'}
{'review': 'Avoid at all costs: the day I had to take it, the two buses before me did not show up at all, and my bus was an hour and a half late. I couldn\'t get on it, because there were swarms of people from the previous two buses trying to get on. And this was in a rainstorm, not that Megabus can be blamed for that. Ultimately I was completely unable to make my trip. When I contacted Megabus for a refund they said that "according to their GPS" the bus left "on time." I guess an hour and a half late and with your customers unable to board counts as "on time" for this horrible company.Then, on the way back (I had prepaid for round trip, so had to use up the ticket) the bus was AGAIN late - by half an hour - and had no air conditioning.I have shared this story with many others, and they only concur. I\'ve had stories of people being stranded overnight, yelled at by customer service, no A/C, drivers getting lost. Just don\'t take this bus - it may seem cheap, but it\'s not worth it.', 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': 'WOW! Great price and on time! Cost from NYC to DC was $15 and return was $17! How can you beat it. \xa0Megabus had more scheduled runs that the other carrier which is a plus. Left NYC at 5am and got to DC at 9:40am. and left DC at 10am and got to NYC at 2:45pm- 7th Ave which was a couple of blocks away from where I was staying!!! No cab or shuttle needed in NYC is a life saver. Safety tip from the bus driver-mess around on my bus I will pull over and drop you off for the police to pick you up. \xa0Weather and traffic delay will add to the travel time. So sit back and enjoy the trip.', 'stars': '5.0'}
{'review': "After reading previous reviews I decided to take a chance on Megabus because the price was right. I expected little and can honestly say that my round trip for me and my daughter from dc to ny wasn't bad at all. Based on the reviews we arrived an hour early and were 1st in line leaving dc. The staff especially supervisor Robert (I think) was nice and helpful. Both trips left on time and on the way up me and my daughter had a table seat to ourselves. I will say that even the seats with tables didn't have a lot of room and the wifi didn't work on the trip up north. But like I said earlier after reading the reviews I didn't expect much so I came prepared for whatever. All in all I would use Megabus again, hopefully the next trip will be like the last.", 'stars': '3.0'}
{'review': 'Do you appreciate punctuality? Leg room? Charging your phone? Well, this is not the bus for you. After sprinting down 34th Street to make the 6:40 bus, I was greeted by a disorganized blob of passengers trailing down the block. Surprise surprise, the bus was an hour late. Other passengers informed me that this is typical for Megabus. This was especially irritating because my boyfriend called the company and was told that the bus was on time (hence the sprint). \xa0When I finally boarded the bus, I realized that there was minimal space for my legs or my handbag. The outlet next to my seat did not work and the WiFi was pitiful - worse than any other bus I\'ve tried. We stopped THREE times (30-35 minutes each time!) at rest areas where most of the food options were closed. Why is this necessary on an overnight bus? My neck still hurts from trying to sleep through the disastrous ride. After listening to a fellow passenger\'s rendition of "Lay Lady Lay" for the last 30 minutes of my trip (not kidding), I finally made it to my destination. I was late, of course, and nauseous from the smell of this bus. Please, do yourself a favor - take the Greyhound.', 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "No Heat, No WiFi, and No Rest Stops. Last time I'm ever taking this bus. Seriously, how can the driver claim he can't control the heat? At least the Chinatown bus has heat and make one rest stop. Horrible company.", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "We had our third round trip on this bus to Prividence, RI, and it started out nasty in NY with a heavy rain and flooded streets. \xa0But, lo and behold, we got our bus and it left about 15 minutes late. \xa0We arrived in a severely flooded Providence, RI on time. \xa0A minor miracle givien the constant downpour all the way. \xa0The bus was warm and cozy and the driver was very professional. \xa0We stayed at the Biltmore Hotel and the bus was right arount the corner.When we were coming home, we were about 35 minutes early but did not have to wait in the cold since the bus and driver were right there and he let everyone board the toasty warm vehicle which left on time and arrived about 5 minutes after the scheduled time. \xa0And, he was another cautious, professional driver and the ride was a pleasure.Also, we had a free seat each way. \xa0Ya can't beat that!I hope our luck keeps up as they will have two dedicated Megabus patrons for years to come no matter what the cost.", 'stars': '4.0'}
{'review': 'Review from DC to NYC on a Sunday.This is possibly the slowest bus I have ever been on. It smells horrible. The driver had to pullover on the NJ turnpike because the bus was "acting up" and not going beyond 35mph.Bus arrived 1.5 hrs late because the driver did not know how to navigate around traffic. \xa0Enough with the bus... I\'d rather fly.', 'stars': '4.0'}
{'review': "I took Megabus from Toronto to NYC and was fairly pleased with the experience. For one, it costed me a mere $35 for one way fare. The trip took roughly 10 hours with stops, no surprises. The bus was surprisingly spacious and clean. It was a double decker and I scored seats the very front seat upstairs. This offered a nice expansive view of the journey through a wide dome-like window and roof canopy. I lucked out because the bus was not full this trip. The most annoying part of the trip was the border crossing.The bus had to line up with other buses and all passengers had to unboard, reclaim luggage and wait in the customs line like an airport. That stop alone took just over an hour. But that's no fault of Megabus.Again, if I was in a hurry I wouldn't take a coach bus. But all things considered I was happy with this trip, it was cheap and pleasant.", 'stars': '4.0'}
{'review': 'So I literally waited for my return trip back to New York from DC before writing this review because I read through some of the horror stories listed below. Being the ever so vigilant Yelp Eliter, I made sure that my good experience with Megabus was replicated before I gave them the 4 star rating. See? I\'m Yelp legit...or something.Anyway, this was my first experience with Megabus after taking BoltBus several times to Boston and DC from New York. While I like BoltBus a lot, I decided to give Mega a try since their prices were slightly cheaper ($78 for 2 roundtrip tickets) and there were more options for departure times. Margot G. and I lined up at Penn Station and waited patiently for our bus. It arrived on time, there was no hassle getting on, and we departed immediately. Later on in the trip I read through some of these Yelp review horror stores (because honestly, what else do you do with free WiFi on a bus?) and thought "huh, that was SO not my experience."We arrived in DC around the estimated time, and got off and got our luggage with (again) no hassle. Fast forward several days later...same story. Granted, I\'m not in New York yet, but barring some apocalyptic disaster in the next few hours, I\'m pretty sure I\'ll be comfortable with this rating.The reason for knocking the fifth star off with such a hassle free and cheap experience? A few things:- does it really need to be as frigid as Antarctica in here? I\'m exaggerating a little bit, but seriously. This time I made sure to wear jeans and a hoodie (in what is arguably shorts and t-shirt weather) in order to deal with the major A/C usage.- while the WiFi works, it\'s not quite the broadband speed they say it is...e.g. I\'m reduced to writing and reading reviews on Yelp because it\'s not fast enough to watch my Netflix instant queue.- not one stop in a 3 1/2 hour trip? BoltBus always stops on the way to both Boston and DC and while it adds 20 minutes to the overall trip, it\'s very nice to have a chance to walk around and grab some food if you\'re hungry.- Finally, the bathroom? DISGUSTING. Another argument for why there needs to be at least one stop during the trip.Overall though, I had no problems with Megabus. They do have more departure time options than BoltBus, and who doesn\'t like a double decker bus?', 'stars': '2.0'}
{'review': "I have taken the Megabus a few times from Washington DC to New York and back, and have compared it with other services like Boltbus and Greyhound. I will summarize it in a nutshell: 1. Service sucks!! Usually bus attendants and drivers are aggressive and of little help when other passengers disturb peace.2. Price: it's more than double against the others.3. Accessibility to stations: Megabus´ station in Manhattan is located at an isolated and dangerous area, especially if you plan to travel at night. 4. Return policy: Whereas Boltbus and other services are flexible using your voucher if you miss your bus or make a mistake, Megabus is going to reap your money, no matter what!Not worth taking this service.", 'stars': '3.0'}
{'review': 'If I could give megabus 0 (or negative) stars, I would.I took the Megabus from NYC to Baltimore / DC yesterday - May 28, 2012 at 1:30 PM. First, there was no working AC on the bus. Four of us complained and the bus driver said that it was "on zero degrees" but nothing changed. I was on the second level and was sweltering. A bus should NOT be in operation if the AC isn\'t working in 100 degree weather.Second, and most importantly, OUR BUS DRIVER WAS DRUNK. It is horrific. About 2 hours in a passenger on the first level of the bus noticed that we were going much slower than the rest of the traffic on the freeway (about 40 MPH on a 60 - 70 MPH zone on the Jersey Turnpike). The passenger called the police to have them come pull our bus over. The police came, we got pulled over, and the police had the driver do a sobriety test. The driver was UNABLE to put one foot in front of the other. In addition, while walking by the bus he blatantly ran into the side mirror and almost fell over. Two police were there. One ARRESTED THE DRIVER and took him away. The other stayed with our bus, which was sweltering, and waited while megabus sent another driver and another bus with working AC. NEVER TAKE MEGABUS. All they did was refund my ticket. Nothing else. OUR DRIVER WAS DRUNK. Megabus is unsafe. Take a train!!!!!!!!', 'stars': '4.0'}
{'review': "Had a trip from NYC to DC last sunday, originally scheduled departure at 7:30pm, instead, the bus didn't show up until 8:30pm. Because it was already late, no clean up was done after they off-loaded passengers, the toilet is purely disgusting. No organized ground staff whatsoever at the stop, thus most customers were lost as to which line is for which. Bus made a random stop on the way, delayed the arrival once more. When finally arrived at DC, I was two hours late (2:30am instead of 11:50pm scheduled). You can imagine how frustrated you could be when you have to wake up next morning at 7 for work. So, I will NEVER take megabus anymore, and I strongly suggest the same to you. PS: no Wifi at all on board.", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': 'If I could give megabus zero stars I would. I had a 4:15 bus going from NYC to Philadelphia. It arrived at 6:30. We did not get refund or even an apology. Our driver was incredibly rude. He threatened to kick someone off the bus for talking. I travel to Philadelphia often and have taken Megabus often. I will NEVER take Megabus again. If I was you I would recommend never taking this bus.', 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': 'I had a terrible experience with Megabus. I bought a bus ticket from Newark, DE to NYC a couple of days ago. The ticket stated that I would leave Newark at 1:55 PM, but the bus left at 1:25 PM instead. I never received notice of a schedule change and I missed the bus. I had to buy a new ticket (at a much higher price) for a later bus. I called customer service for a refund, but they refused to give me one. I am currently disputing the charge with my bank and I contacted the Better Business Bureau. Stay away from this company!!!', 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "So I understand the frustration that other reviewers have felt with the service. \xa0It is definitely no frills. \xa0The loading site is kinda to pretty sketch. \xa0Sometimes the buses are late due to traffic. \xa0I took Megabus twice over the last week and we were late both times due to traffic - but it was unclear how the company is responsible for that. At the end of the day though, I have to give it 5 stars because of their employees.Due to having to stay at work later than I expected, I missed my original bus to Boston on Sunday afternoon. \xa0I get to the bus stop about 15 minutes late, and am pretty stressed out because I now have this bus ticket which says it is non refundable. \xa0However, I find an employee who is able to patiently and clearly explain to me what I need to do in order to get on the standby line for the next bus. \xa0And when the next bus comes, he checks in to make sure I am okay (probably because I was pretty freaked out when I first talked to him). \xa0In short, he basically made my day.Of course, I can't attest that all Megabus employees are as awesome as the guy I dealt with. \xa0(I will note though that the bus driver for a route I took later in the week was extremely warm and funny when getting us on/off the bus). \xa0But for saving my Sunday, I feel like this bus service definitely gets a 5 star in my book.", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "The only good thing about mega bus is the affordability. I've rode from providence to NYC, vice versa. On one occasion the top floor had an unbearable stench of human odor due to the extreme heat. Once the AC was turned on, it got extremely cold. When people asked the driver to turn it down, he said he couldn't. On the way back from NYC the driver was much nicer and did turn the AC down when it got too cold. On my most recent visit, on my way to NY, the bus driver hit another coach bus on the streets on NY. He got out the bus & the two drivers yelled up a storm. After waiting 15 min with still no movement, people started walking out of the bus since no one knew any info on how long the settlement would take. I was one of them.", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "I ended up calling their corporate offices, and had a call from Customer Service this morning offering me a voucher for both tickets I purchased. Kinda sucks that I had to call the head honcho to get what I've asked for multiple times, but I am appreciative nonetheless. Many thanks to Mike Alvich in Marketing and Katherine in Customer Service for all your help!!Hopefully my bus rides will be A-OK.", 'stars': '5.0'}
{'review': "My husband and I booked a trip to Boston on Megabus. \xa0A few days later, a friend's father died and we needed to change our plans. \xa0I tried calling, but was put on hold for over 30 minutes and then disconnected. \xa0I emailed explaining our situation and asked if they would give us a voucher for future use. \xa0They never responded. \xa0It seems they don't really care about customer service. \xa0Next time, I'll pay to take the train or rent a car.UPDATE - I've updated this to 4 stars as I finally heard back from them after sending another email stating how disappointed I was that they never contacted given our circumstances. \xa0They simply asked for proof of the funeral (I sent the obituary) and then refunded our money! \xa0Now that's the customer service I was expecting!", 'stars': '2.0'}
{'review': "Took the bus Thursday evening from NYC to DC. \xa0I'd stay away from this bus if I can!Here is why: 1. The lines for the bus were SOOO disorganized. \xa0No one knew where to go. \xa0They need more attendants and better signs. 2. Bus was scheduled to leave at 7:30 pm, didn't leave until 8:20ish and arrived at 1 am instead of the scheduled 12 am. \xa03. Bus driver was a grumpy lady, every announcement sounded like she was scolding us. \xa0The bus was dirty and had food all over the floor. \xa0I couldn't switch seats b/c EVERY seat was taken. \xa0Way too crowded. The lady next to me had smelly armpits and I couldn't even get away. 4. The air: first it was freaken cold! Could barely get comfortable. \xa0And then in the last hour, it was way too stuffy. \xa0Unfortunately, I couldn't tell the grumpy driver because I was cramped in the back and squished in between people. \xa0Ugh horrible ride! Only took it cuz boltbus was full that day.", 'stars': '3.0'}
{'review': 'Ummm, why hype the whole "we have free wifi AND outlets" when neither of them really work?As a New Yorker who went to school in Boston, I got to know these kinds of bus companies very well, relying on them to shuttle me between the two cities during school breaks or for random weekend trips. I\'ve always had a love-hate relationship with Megabus (mostly hate) because as much as I wanted to like it, Megabus has almost always let me down. My first time taking this company, the bus didn\'t show up so I and 200 other stranded travelers got stuck sleeping in South Station for over 3 hours. Now I know what you\'re thinking: no, the weather was not even bad and every other company\'s buses arrived & left on-time. After that experience, I decided to explore my other options, but gave Megabus another shot when I scored one of their advertised $1 tickets. This experience was much better. The outlets and wifi worked, and the bus was practically empty so I got to stretch out for the whole trip on two seats. Then, another downslide: my bus broke down on the return trip & we got stranded for another hour waiting for a repair truck. I didn\'t take Megabus again until last week, almost 3 years later, and by this point none of the outlets were working, wifi was non-existent, and the leg room on the buses felt much, much tighter than I remembered. It was an excruciating trip. I will say that on my return trip, there was really bad snow in Boston & Northern Connecticut so the roads were a mess. Even though it took almost 5 hours more, I appreciated that our driver was extremely cautious on the road.The only real appeal that Megabus has to me are its double-decker buses with tables, clean restrooms, and promises of wifi & outlets (which, as I\'ve already covered, is by no means a guarantee). I\'ve run the gambit of Boston-to-New York bus companies, and this one is probably second to last on my list, just one step above the now defunct Fung Wah. Another pet peeve of mine is that they don\'t make stops. I know a good amount of people prefer this, but I\'d rather make a 20 minute pit stop for food & restrooms on another line that has gross bathrooms & more leg room.In terms of this NY bus stop, it\'s passable. I\'d rather it stopped at Penn Station so I could wait indoors before boarding. Picking up a bus here in the dead of winter is obviously no fun, especially if you\'re like me & prefer to get there an hour early to get the best seat on the bus. There\'s also a bit of a walk from this stop if you want to grab any kind of food. I think the closest place is McDonalds, about 2 or 3 avenues away. However, I think the staff that facilitates the boarding here is really efficient, and they have it well-organized with waiting sections & clearly-marked signs for each destination. But nonetheless, I\'m not a Megabus fan.', 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "stay away from megabus. \xa0pay the extra money and go greyhound. \xa0 after using them several times, i've just had enough. \xa0late buses, bad customer service. \xa0 they're horrible. \xa0the last straw was their mobile tracking app showing that the bus we booked left 31 mins ahead of schedule, there was no customer service rep available (3:30 a.m. bus) to confirm, so we left and went to the greyhound station. \xa0 here i am 6 days later and still fighting with megabus for a refund. \xa0they are saying the bus was actually 2 hours late and they only reimburse 50% when there is a late bus. \xa0if their app said the bus was already gone, why would we sit around and wait for it? \xa0this was their mistake and they are refusing to refund my money. \xa0it's not a lot of money, it's about the principal of the situation. \xa0why would they risk losing a frequent customer over this little bit of money? \xa0 i'm not wasting anymore of my time dealing with them. \xa0 not worth it to me.", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "Usually late and the staff is very unfriendly. There is no space for bags in the bus. You can only travel with one checked luggage and forget it if you have an instrument. The bathroom always smells very strong to the chemicals inside of it and the smell is all over the bus at all times. The double deck means many more passengers riding along. Outlets usually don't work. In the night they have this constant green light right in your face so forget about sleeping. This review comes for using this bus for the past 5 years. I alternate with Bolt, Greyhound and other services, Megabus is by far the worst one but sometimes is the only one with the schedule that I need. If you have to choose then go with another one but it gets the job done if it is the only option.", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': 'When megabus first came out I was ecstatic. Compared to the Chinatown buses, they were safe, inexpensive, comfortable, and had free wifi. Several years later, I notice drastic changes in the service and efficiency of megabus. Not only has the prices gone up, but the service has taken a turn for the worst. At this point, this company needs to be shut down. They are very unorganized and unprofessional. The buses are always late. As I am writing this review, my mom is supposed to board the 1230pm bus. It is 1238 and the line is so long that it would take 4 double deckers to hold this many people! Not to mention that there are still people in line with us waiting for the 1130 bus.Gone are the days that you can find one way tickets for a $1...that is unless you want to travel at 1 am. The average price for a oneway between D.C. And Nyc is now between $26 and $38. Doesnt sound like a discount to me considering what you get: overbooked buses, shotty wifi that is sort of nonexistent, and staff that are rude and incompetant.', 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "Although I try desperately to avoid Megabus in favor of any of the other bus companies traveling between DC and NYC, occasionally I make the mistake and book a ticket with Megabus. Each time there are major and avoidable delays. I understand that delays are part of travel. These delays are due to incredibly poor service. For example, I have sat at a random rest stop (30 minutes from our destination) in NJ for over 45 minutes waiting for a change in driver. He didn't arrive until after the estimated time of arrival. This sort of ridiculousness is indicative of all of the experiences I've had with megabus. Don't let their flashier website fool you, this is the least professional and convenient bus line operating along the north east corridor.", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': 'If I could give this zero stars, I would. I took the Megabus from Secaucus to Baltimore in July. First of all, I had to wait 2 hours in 105 degree heat for the bus to show up. Then, once the bus came, it was already broken down. The bus driver had absolutely no clue when a new bus would be arriving. Instead, he was rude to everyone on the bus who asked him approximately how long a new bus would take to get there. I called megabus, and was told I would receive a full refund for this trip. I then decided to change my return date to a day later to make up for the time I had missed in my destination. I was told that the price would just be transferred to this trip, and I would not be charged for the second return trip.It has been one month and about five emails later, and I still have not received my refund. Instead of being charged for just the return trip, I was charged for the trip to Baltimore, and two return trips. Each email I send gets the same automated response that they will get back to me in 5 days. When I called megabus, they told me they "only handle reservations." When I asked to speak to a supervisor, he told me to send another email. I told him I already did that, what else can I do. Same response. All in all, completely rude and useless staff on top of an incredibly unreliable bus service. The money you would have to spend for Amtrak is definitely worth it, and I would probably pay 5x as much as the megabus is charging, as long as I don\'t have to experience something like this again.', 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "Doesn't matter what I put here I guess. Just would be nice if the people in the know would share information. Whole lot of confusion when all it takes is some clear signs and a friendly word or two from the surly staff.", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': 'I rarely review anything unless they are really good or really, really bad. Unfortunately I am turning to my tiny iPhone keyboard for the later of the two. Megabus has a sweet game going, I might even call it a scam. I paid 7 extra dollars to, and 9 extra from, my destination to get a "premium" seat that the website claimed would be exclusive and reserved for only those who pay the extra price. Both ways I ended up sitting next to someone who payed the regular price for a regular seat. Therefore, I payed Megabus 16 extra dollars for nothing. If Megabus is going to ask it\'s passengers to pay extra for a premium service then they should take steps to regulate that service. Now they have a pissed off customer who won\'t ever be using their services again, when otherwise they would have had a very satisfied customer who would\'ve felt taken care of and that she got that little extra something she paid for. I feel ripped off and that I was taken for a fool. Congrats Megabus, you lost my business and I will be telling anyone who asks me how dissatisfied I was with your lack of service.', 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': 'I had a great relaxing late morning trip to Philadelphia. \xa0I Was surprised how long the line was and the us was still only at 1/2 capacity. \xa0It actually takes 2 hours 15 minutes with no traffic to Philly. \xa0So I arrived a little later than I wanted to because it was also 15 minutes late. The drivers and staff were very pleasant and friendly. \xa0Wifi was hinky with pandora and thfuture.fm. \xa0It did leave right on time with the return trip. \xa0I wish I knew about this years ago.So much better and cheaper than NJ Transit and way cheaper than Amtrak. \xa0I will be taking this each time when I have a meeting outside of town to Philly. \xa0Cannot wait to try the DC and Boston trips.', 'stars': '4.0'}
{'review': 'If only I could give this 0 stars. This company should be sued. How they manage to get away with treating customers like this is seriously beyond me. This is how things went down:I had to make an Amherst-NYC trip. The bus to NYC was no problem, at $18 a ticket. However, the trip back was a torture session.First, I arrived 15-20 minutes earlier as advised. The bus was set to depart at 6:20am so I got off a cab early at 5:50am. The itinerary said it\'s an express bus. Here, I proceeded to wait a whole hour in the cold, with all my luggage in tow. At least it wasn\'t raining, I told myself, and shivered with the rest of the crowd. Megabus being late was certainly nothing new, so, whatever.At 7:10am, the Boston bus pulled in, and the employees manning our line told us to get on this bus. I asked them multiple times if this was right, and one of the employees in the background said, "Amherst, Boston, same thing right?" and laughed it off. I figure, alright, they probably know what they\'re doing. No one mentioned anything about a transfer, so I got on the bus and sat myself on the top deck. I fall asleep, as people tend to on a 4-5 hour long bus ride.I woke up to find us pulling into Boston. WHAT?!So I went downstairs and asked the driver very nicely if the bus was still going to head to Amherst. Not only did he not respond courteously in kind, but he also proceeded to pull aside other passengers, yelling: "I pulled into a pit stop and asked for all transfers to move FOUR TIMES!! YOU HEARD ME!!" Dude, there is no need to shout or humiliate me. Just be nice, I asked you a simple question. It\'s not my fault no one told me the bus was transferring and as a result, I was asleep.When I asked him what I should do, he said to go talk to the ticket counter. So off I go. At first, the woman at the counter was nice enough. She put me on customer service to try to get my money refunded. However, the douche of a bus driver went up to her, and started pointing at me and making accusations to her. She immediately lost the nice facade and sided with him, saying that it was my fault, and that I needed to pay attention when buses are transferring. The problem being, of course, that NO ONE TOLD ME THE DAMN BUS WAS TRANSFERRING. Not only do you guys screw up, but you blame it on me? At this point, I was still being as nice as can be, even under the circumstances. But let\'s not forget that I am a PAYING CUSTOMER.Okay, fine. You win. At this point I left and proceeded to call my parents. Thank God Boston happened to be my hometown. I wouldn\'t know what to do if they boarded me onto another bus and stranded me in the middle of nowhere.Then I figured I might try customer service again.To be fair, the rep I got was very sympathetic, and I place no blame on her. She first admitted that they placed me on the wrong bus. She also tried to do the right thing, which is to try to fix the situation. Unfortunately, her solution was to try to board me on a bus to Hartford, CT and then transfer me from there with a four hour layaway. I have to admit here, embarrassingly, that this was my breaking point. I started sobbing on the phone--definitely not my most glorious moment, but it fully illustrates my frame of mind at the time. I told her that I just wanted to call to lodge a complaint against the bus driver and whoever boarded me onto that Boston bus. The return trip was $5, which is what, a cup of coffee? Spare change? Who cares?I also told her the Hartford connection isn\'t doable for me, and asked if she could at least refund the $5 as a matter of principle. I wanted something to make me feel better about this company. She asked me to hold so she could arrange it with her supervisor.Minutes later, she comes back and says:"Miss, did you have headphones in when you were boarding the bus?"Me: "No?"Her: "Then how did you get into the wrong line?"Me: "I wasn\'t in the wrong line, I was to the left and back as they directed me. And they checked my confirmation number before letting me board, so it was confirmed."Her: "...Okay, hold on."When she next came back, she quietly says, there\'s nothing she can do. Her supervisor had refused to let her make the refund. It took me a moment to adjust and respond, I was THAT furious. Of course, I\'ve worked customer service and I wasn\'t about to hold it against her for following orders. My response was to tell her just as soberly that I know it wasn\'t her fault. I thanked her, and said good day. She didn\'t seem to know how to respond, so I hung up first.Bottom line, lesson learned. For a mere $16 more I could have taken a Peter Pan with no problems. For the supervisor to refuse to refund spare change as a gesture of good will to rectify THEIR error means that they don\'t CARE about customers. For their driver to so blatantly talk trash about me to my face means they don\'t think customers are even worth that most basic courtesy.I\'d rather get a lobotomy than ride with Megabus again.', 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': 'Twice in a row now I have experience lateness with them. \xa0Unorganized service leaving NYC caused a 2 hour delay the first time. \xa0Second time \xa0the bus got a flat while in Jersey, and although the driver provided whatever details he knew at the time, the trip that was supposed to take 4 hours from nyc - dc took 7 hours. \xa0I had planned to arrive maybe within 30 min later in dc than what megabus had scheduled, but instead arrived 3 hours later. \xa0Caused me to miss the main reason for my visit to dc thus ruining my trip. \xa0After calling customer service, as asked for compensation, Harlin on the other end was unprofessional, sounded like he had just woken up, and basically an idiot.F you mega, NEVER using your retarded service again.', 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': 'I took the MegaBus from Toronto to NYC for a whirlwind 34 hour trip - travel time included! - in September 2011. It wasn\'t completely unpleasant.PRICE: Excellent. I think I was under $150 round trip including taxes.THE TRIP DOWN: Could have been better. We were around 1.5-2 hours at the border - a long time to wait at about 1am. The bus was fairly empty until we hit Buffalo, at which point it filled up completely. The Wi-Fi never really worked on the bus. Not a very comfortable trip, but I was able to get a couple hours of (much-needed) sleep.WAITING FOR THE TRIP BACK: Megabus\' "facilities" in New York are an interesting sight. They consist of a hodgepodge of tents behind what looks like a construction site\'s wall, with small signs and ropes to line up along. There\'s really nowhere to sit, so don\'t get there too early. The whole thing gives the impression of a temporary setup that\'s been there a while.THE TRIP BACK: Better than the trip down - the 10:00 PM departure on Saturday night was about half full, and emptied considerably in Buffalo. I nearly had a panic attack on the way out - the driver didn\'t come on with his announcements until we were well into New Jersey, and I was slightly unsure as to whether I was on the right bus or not. There\'s one stop around 3:00 AM near Syracuse - make sure you have cash if you want something, as the McDonald\'s at the stop was cash only at that point, and not making tons of food. Vending machines were half functional. Customs was a quick affair at the Peace Bridge on the way back. Decidedly more comfortable with the bus half empty, but the seats still aren\'t exactly ergonomically correct.OVERALL: An inexpensive way to get from Hogtown to The Big Apple, but if you can spare the cash, flying\'s a *lot* more comfortable, and doesn\'t eat up ten or twelve hours each way.', 'stars': '2.0'}
{'review': "My girlfriend paid $26 for a 9:15 AM bus ticket from NYC to DC. After waiting a half hour in line, an employee yelled that the bus was cancelled, which led to all the waiting customers dispersing. We've both been using MegaBus for almost 6 years and this was the first time I'd ever had to call their customer service hotline. After speaking to two representatives, I was disgusted at the mediocre and robotic level of customer care, which pretty much confirmed MegaBus' customer phone service is simply a vent for upset customers, where no solution will ever occur and heaven forbid they have to issue a $26 refund, despite an extremely upset and loyal customer who did not receive any notification after the bus cancellation on a remedy or fix. We now have to email our issue instead, which is impractical and a waste of everyone's time. MegaBus, please stop being thieves and refund order # 76-6289-09-2815-M21R-0915-NEW-WAS, so that my girlfriend and I can consider using MegaBus again. This is entirely unacceptable and should be illegal. Robbery.", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': 'I had a reservation on Megabus on Wednesday September 10th from Boston to NY departing South Station Gate 25 at 6:30 PM. By 7PM the bus had not arrived and there was a line around 70 passengers. We noticed above gate 25 the listing which indicated Megasbus 6:30 to New York had disappeared and gone blank. A few of us online decided to go to the Megabus reservation and customer service stand to find out what was going on. To our surprise everyone had gone home. We had received no notification from ANYONE what the status of the 6:30 bus was. After that we went to the departure listings on the TV screens and there was now no Megabus listed to depart at all. Someone deserves to be fired for this! How can you close down the ticket and customer service office and not inform us of what the status of our bus is? \xa0At that point numerous people on line tried calling customer service for Megabus and they had no clue what the status was of our bus and were no help at all. Giving us false responses that the bus had left early ...I was at Gate 25 almost an hour early and that was a lie. Finally around 7:20 PM most of us on line came to the conclusion that the bus was not coming at all and we tried to make alternate means to get home. Some tried to take the subway and others like me purchased a ticket for the 8PM Lucky Star bus back to NY which was located at the next gate 24. This cost me $20 and is non-refundable. To our surprise around 7:30 the Megabus pulls in and the driver informed the few people still left that the bus had broken down. Passengers were furious and the bus driver said to take it up with customer service and we would be compensated accordingly. \xa0Now I can understand that buses break down but why was there no representative around to give us that information before the bus finally arrived? This was a total fiasco and apparently your customer service staff was only interested in going home leaving us without any information about our bus! I want to be compensated properly for this fiasco and inconvenience. This cost me an addition $20 plus I needed to pay for car service upon arriving to NY because we got in so late.I sent this to "customer service " at Megabus and received the response that this does not qualify for compensation. Never again will I take Megabus.', 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "Hint: Buy a later ticket than you plan on riding. If you have a 6pm ticket and arrive at 5:15, they will let you board the 5:30 bus BEFORE they let someone board who missed their 5pm bus. If I could give this company zero stars I would. Latecomers are put in a waiting area and told it will be an hour or more till you can expect to be squeezed in, for the privilege of which you'll be charged an extra fee. Never buying a ticket from this place again... At least not without the expectation of being treated like crap the whole time. And even though they filled my seat you can bet they won't refund it. It's Bolt next time for me.", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': 'In the words of Miss Piggy, "Never before, and never again."The corral system was horrific. \xa0Everyone trying to get in the same doorway everyone is going out to stand around in a chain-linked area like cattle to the slaughter. \xa0Mayhem.All buses were late, which happens, but when you\'re trying to figure out if you somehow missed the bus after it\'s so late, there are no employees around inside the corral to ask, the few employees outside are so overworked and frazzled that they simply can\'t answer your question it just makes the whole sitting there like a prisoner experience that much less fun.And the ride to Boston? \xa0OH, the ride! \xa0Let me tell you about the ride. \xa0There were two actually. \xa0The act of sitting in small seats that barely recline with a guy taking up half of yours \xa0(along with his) for 4.5 hours and the bus driver riding the brakes the whole way up. \xa0EVery minute or so *brake* *brake* *brake* \xa0I tried to sleep but every time he hit the brakes my head went flying forward and I\'d be violently woken up by my body grabbing ahold of my skull as gravity was quickly pulling it to the floor thanks to mr. brakey pants up there.After about 20 attempts to sleep, I just stayed up and almost got motion sickness. \xa0I NEVER get motion sick, not in busses, planes, boats, jet skis, rollercoasters, nothing. \xa0Well, nothing except megabus.If you\'re going between Boston and NYC take Bolt, \xa0if you can\'t take bolt, take the train, if you can\'t take the train, walk. \xa0Megabus is *not* a viable option.', 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': 'Pros: CheapCons: Always over booked \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 Never, ever, ever leaves on time. Ever.Notes: Reserve a select seat so that you are sure to get on, but don\'t hold your breath. I got on a bus scheduled to leave at 10am with a reserved seat upgrade, sat on the bus in my reserved seat for 30 mins, was then kick out of my reserved seat and told it was now the 10:30 bus. Apearantly someone else had my seat on the "10:30" bus that I was put on and originally told was the 10 o\'clock bus. Someone scheduled to leave later than I was by the way. WTF! \xa0The 10 am bus, they said, was late and would leave later on. If I wanted my payed for reserved seat I would have to get off the bus leaving at that moment and get on the 10 o\'clock bus that would leave whenever... My options were to move to a back seat and loose the benifits of the extra money I payed with the knowledge that I would not likely get my upgrade money refunded, or to get off the bus that was already 45 minutes after my scheduled departure time and wait for the next. These people are INSANE. I am too mystified to be angry right now but not enough to stop me from sharing this review. I\'m now 3 for 3 with Megabus\'s Mega failures. This is the worst run operation ever. \xa0I\'m working on a new slogan for them. Here are my first and second passes at it. Want to turn a 4 hour trip in to 9 hours without traffic? \xa0TRY MEGABUS! Don\'t care when or how you get there? GO MEGABUS, because we don\'t care either. It\'s cheap, but there are other equally inexpensive companies available for my route. I\'ll be using them from now on and I suggest you do the same.', 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "I can't complain since I got 2 round trip tickets from Boston to NYC for FREE! Nice seats, clean bus, smooth ride and almost on-time both ways. Drivers were humorous and they don't talk on their cell phone the whole way. Bus has AC outlet and free wireless. I will take Mega Bus again!", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "This is my review for the NYC-Pittsburgh route. \xa0The bus was scheduled to leave at 11:15 PM, but it was late. \xa0We stood in this massive line which felt like it was forever. \xa0The NYC Megabus stop is totally outdoors so the elements could be a factor, lucky for me, it was an unseasonably night out so it wasn't too cold. \xa0Overall the experience is what I expected - even the delay of the bus. \xa0The route goes to a rest stop with a subway in it and then after that it's on to Penn State, from Penn State you go to Pittsburgh. \xa0You end up hitting morning traffic in Pittsburgh so it's fairly slow moving even when you're within a few miles of the city. \xa0While I can't say I'd be jumping at the chance to take Megabus again, I think it's a legitimate options if flights are too expensive. \xa0My round-trip cost was $91.00.", 'stars': '4.0'}
{'review': "I took Megabus for the first time today. I must say that I have few complaints. Only one actually, there was no heat. Since I read all of the reviews I made sure to dress warm.That being said I paid $13 for a one way ticket from NY to Boston. $13!!!The bus was on time, the wifi worked well and it was a nonstop ride. Seriously, for $13 it was totally worth it. I will definitely do the Megabus again. If there's no AC in the summertime then that may be a problem. We'll see...However I just realized that their baggage guy stole something out of my bag...for real. Not cool.", 'stars': '3.0'}
{'review': 'You get what you pay for, period. Here\'s our experience: (Note: Oddly this experience is still a better alternative to the Chinatown Bus.) Never on time. Get there early so you can get a good seat.COST:Cheaper than dirt. Roundtrip fares to any of the MegaBus destinations are cheap and worth the alternative: Amtrak which is over-priced and never on-time, Greyhound, Peter Pan, or the like which can be much sketchier, and of course driving your own car, which is nice for personal space, but a hassle.LOUDNESS FACTOR: (this is case-by-case): most people have zero respect for cell phone usage; they leave their ringers on full volume, talk loudly, or use speaker phone. Please, if this is you, STOP. No one cares about you or your personal phone calls in public--put your phone on silent or vibrate and have some respect for the people around you.ODORS:Don\'t bring stinky food on the bus---not cool, ever. Also, consider showering and using deodorant.OVERALL:Not a bad deal if you\'re willing to accept the above "contract".RECOMMENDATIONS:Daytime travel is crowded. Take the red-eye, they\'re more pleasurable and far less annoying.', 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': 'Never again...I should have seen this coming. Wanting to visit a friend in NYC before she left for college, I planned a very last minute trip to the city. I found the cheapest way to get to New York was on Megabus, with an $11 fare to the city from Boston on Tuesday at 6:30pm. I booked a ticket home to Rhode Island for $20 on Thursday morning, which I figured would give me ample time to get to several things I needed to get to on Thursday and Friday. "It can\'t be that bad," I said to myself. The trip from Boston to NYC wasn\'t too bad, perhaps because it was a Tuesday night bus. The bus wasn\'t filled at all and I had two seats to myself and ample space to store my carry-on. The bus was a sauna, though, and reading through some of the comments here that seems normal. Though there was little traffic, the driver stopped for a long time at a Burger King and we ended up arriving in New York behind schedule, which made getting to Brooklyn on the subway a pain in the ass. "Whatever", I thought, "it was $11 and fairly comfortable". I underestimated the snowstorm that was forecast for Thursday, which was my fault. All the buses were of course cancelled and Megabus gave me the option of booking another bus or getting a refund. I should have taken the refund and coughed up the $$ for Amtrak, but shit happens. The earliest bus I could take was supposed to leave NYC Friday at 1:45pm and get to Providence at 6:00pm. I was late getting to the bus stop, which is in the worst possible location. I ran 15 minutes in the snow from the subway at 34th and 7th to the bus stop at 34th between 11th and 12th with my carry-on bag, weaving through tourists, business people, and moms with strollers alike (I\'m sorry!!). I miraculously got to the stop at 1:45 on the dot, completely out of breath and the bus hadn\'t arrived yet. I thought I was kind of lucky for a minute. Twenty minutes later, the bus still hadn\'t arrived. A man wearing a Megabus uniform and carrying a walkie-talkie walked down the line and informed all the passengers that the driver was some streets away and would arrive in "about twenty minutes". That was the last I saw of him. Forty minutes later (exactly an hour after we were supposed to have left New York), a red Dattco bus showed up, which was about half the size of the normal, blue bus. We were crammed inside like airline passengers and uncomfortably rode nearly 4.5 hours to Providence. I am exhausted and will never ride with them again.', 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "As I sit here at 9:30 waiting already two hours for the bus to show up, I have to say I HATE Megabus. \xa0We took the Megabus on the way up to Boston from NYC at 10AM on Friday. \xa0We did not arrive in Boston until around 4PM (yes 6 hrs to Boston). \xa0The craziest part was we weren't stuck in major traffic. \xa0 \xa0Plus, the outlets and the internet did not work, and the driver was pumping the breaks to much that I was get nauseous .", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "We were waiting in the cold for 45 minutes. \xa0The bus that came wasn't even a megabus.The outlets stopped working 30 min into the trip.No organization getting onto the bus, Tickets don't seem to matterUse lucky star", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': 'The WORST service I have ever experienced in my life!!!! I took the Megabus from NYC to BOS on 8/29, and 4.5 hours into the trip (massive traffic caused huge delays), the bus broke down on the side of the highway. \xa0The driver was clearly not concerned, as he didn\'t even have the courtesy to remove his headphones from his ears (which he wore driving the entire trip....clearly not safe). \xa0After approximately two hours of sitting on the bus with no AC or power in the pitch dark, a replacement bus shows up - YAY! Not really, because after not even 15 minutes of driving, the driver pulls over again..... \xa0Something was malfunctioning with the door of the second bus!!! \xa0However, instead of calling in the problem, he decided it was easier just to drive the remainder of the trip (at 65 MPH) with the door half open, clearly ignoring the bright flashing warning lights on the dashboard.The best part is, when I called customer service to complain and get a refund for my return trip, "there was nothing they could do". If you value your safety, DO NOT take Megabus.', 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': 'Recent Trip8/28 departure from NYC. Bus was 1 hour late pickup .Return8/31 Bus was 90 minutes late for pickup.Will never use again. Terrible.', 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "I'm surprised at all the negative reviews! I'm writing this as I sit en route from NYC to Washington, D.C. I've travelled with megabus multiple times (to and from dc, Philly, and Boston) and have always had a pleasant experience. Outlets at every seat, comfortable temperature, free wifi, restroom on board...I've never experienced a late bus or unfriendly staff. There have always been many of them to handle the long lines and all are willing to help. Sure, I've had to wait in the rain for my bus but this is budget travel! I'm not taking a flight nor am i the Queen of England so I'm fine with waiting on a sidewalk. There are also plenty of concession stands by the bus stop in case you want to grab a coffee or snack while you wait. I will continue being a regular customer of megabus!", 'stars': '5.0'}
{'review': "My first experience with Megabus was good and bad. My ride from Boston to New York in the morning was surprisingly great- especially since my ticket cost a whopping $4. Our bus driver was very professional and pleasant and told us to let her know if the temperature of the bus ever got uncomfortable, etc. She drove well and got us into the city in record time. However, my busride back was not so great. Maybe partially because I was ridiculously tired but it was pretty awful. Our bus driver certainly was not as pleasant, and also blasted videos on the screen so there went any chance of me getting sleep. Plus the bus was freezing cold and didn't change for the entire trip. But I guess that's the case where you get what you pay for, and to remind myself that this isn't Greyhound. Still though... ugh", 'stars': '3.0'}
{'review': 'Congratulations on achieving new heights of crappy, sucky & rude service as you contiue to raise ur prices for your almost never working wifi and rude phone agents that field your customer calls. DONE with Megabus!!!', 'stars': '2.0'}
{'review': "Was it really that good or am I just caught up in the memories of what I associate the busride with? I can't believe I gave the Bolt Bus four stars. The Megabus is way better but it is certainly not five star worthy.I was going to rent a car for my trip to Philly but when I was priced out of that I decided that public transportation was the way to go. At the time, the prices for the Bolt Bus were pretty high as well. I decided to check out alternatives. I'm old school and am used to riding Coach and Peter Pan buses. Through the Coach website, I found that Coach is now Megabus and the prices were more than 50% less than the Bolt Bus. It costs about $10 one way to Philly. Right now on the website there are seats available for as low as $3. Yes, $3. The site is similar to Jet Blue where each leg of the trip is a different price based on time and availability.There's no station for the bus. It picks you up on the street witihin walking distance of Penn Station in NYC and drops you off on the street within walking distance of 30th station in Philly. There are lines in an orderly fashion for each destination and the representatives are pretty helpful in terms of direction. They also have decent manners.My first bus was cool with a moon roof. Of course I sat on top. I love double decker buses. My bus ride on the way back was not as snazzy but I found a new discovery. The free wi-fi worked on my iPod touch unlike the failed attempt on the Bolt Bus.Two hours to Philly is not bad at all. The price is amazing. I think it's less $ than the LIRR and Amtrak and it sure beats riding NJ Transit.", 'stars': '4.0'}
{'review': "I used to be a Megabus fan but after utilizing another bus company and drastic changes to my schedule, I've found that Megabus lacks consistency. In brief:- The buses arrived late every time. Do not show up expecting the bus to be there on time or even *gasp* before you. Expect to wait at least a half an hour (which is early on Megabus' schedule)- The sense of despair might be overwhelming when you learn that upon your arrival, the people for 6:30 bus haven't left yet, the 7 o'clock line is long, and you're supposed to be on the 7:30 bus. -The long line of people you will pass to get to the back of the line and the lack of communication from the staff about when your bus will be there. -Since I travel mostly to Washington, DC, the relocation of their pick up and drop off spots have been a bit of an inconvenience to me since I usually travel during the late evening/night and might need to use the metro. The walking distance isn't terribly bothersome (about 10-15 mins) but Boltbus' drop off is right in Union Station (a metro station).Their fares may be slightly cheaper but I rather pay a couple dollars more to a company that arrives and departs on time and is conscious of its customers' schedules.", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "The driver 'run out of hours' on the way from Boston to NY, so we had to wait 25 min for a replacement driver to come drive the bus. \xa0Where does this happen!?!?", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': 'If you like being treated like cattle and dealing with huge crowds, then you will like Megabus. \xa0To me, it\'s simply not worth the humiliation. I have a great example. \xa0I got an email from them the day I had to travel from Boston to NYC (see below). \xa0Basically they said they cancelled our 530 pm bus but we could take the 5 or 6 without "further action". \xa0Knowing how these things go, we get there early just to be safe (also cutting our vacation short), waited on line from 400 and when we get to the front they told us to step aside until everyone that was scheduled for 5pm got aboard first. \xa0Essentially they treated us like we missed our bus and were doing us a favor by letting us wait on standby for this bus. \xa0They were very rude about it too. \xa0We protested and even showed them the email but they didn\'t listen. \xa0This went up to the bus "manager" and someone from the central office, and they pretty much ignored the content of the email THEY sent US. \xa0It was funny because as we stood at the front of the line and passengers were let on, occasionally the same yelling/argument happened to about 15 other people that were scheduled for the 530 bus like us. \xa0(As an aside... It actually was interesting seeing how different people dealt with a terrible situation. Some people got SUPER angry, some used rational arguments (that was us), some were really passive... \xa0fascinating. \xa0I guess on the bright side if you are interested in social experiments, it may be fun for you. \xa0;) \xa0 )But I digress... so despite getting there so early, we ended taking the last few seats (some didn\'t even get on) and obviously we didn\'t get to sit together. \xa0You could not pay me to get back on the Megabus. \xa0I\'m getting pissed just thinking about it. \xa0ugh. \xa0 NEVER AGAIN. -----------Here is email they sent us (exactly cut and pasted): Dear Customer,You have booked megabus reservations with us using this e-mail address.For operational reasons, your bus scheduled at 1730 will be unable to operate at that time.Your ticket can be used on our service at either 1700hrs or 1800hrs. We have reserved space on both departures to make it as convenient as possible for you. You need to take no further action - just show up with your existing reservation number.As always, we suggest that you arrive 15mins before the departure time to help with prompt boarding and on-time departure.We apologize for the inconvenience caused and appreciate your understanding and accommodation.Regards,megabus.com', 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': 'We decided to go to Boston at the last minute, and upon checking Mega bus price we thought \'yeah,let\'s go with this bus" We did not set any expectation, especially after reading lots of bad reviews. It was way cheaper than other bus and duh it\'s the recession so who wouldn\'t mind saving some hard earned bucks. It\'s only a bus right, from point A to point B.The first bus, it was arrive on time but it was HOT like in sauna.The second bus, it delayed around 30 mins, and this time it was freezing COLD. We were under impression that the temperature of the bus was set according to the driver\'s preference.Both trip arrive in around 4 hoursPrice: cheap cheap cheap, even cheaper than the chinatown bus, we paid $34.50 for 2 round trip tickets!Location: the pool in NYC is in some parking lot with no tent. good luck for those who wait under the rain. While the waiting place in Boston is in South station, easy to access via T.Seating: Reclining seat, double decker, not consistent temperature inside the bus ,didn\'t try the wi-fiService: As expected, no complaints,the luggage man even made some funny jokesVerdict: with this price, we\'ll use this bus again, but not in winter, can\'t imagine the temperature inside the bus if we got the "cold" bus. BRRRR...', 'stars': '3.0'}
{'review': "Seriously, why do I put up with this shit? This bus has been consistently an hour plus late, both coming and going from Syracuse. The lines are outrageous, the bus is crowded and uncomfortable (especially the top deck), and they are so disrespectful of their customers' time it's like a sick joke.If Bolt Bus had service to Syracuse I would never even fuck with Mega. I haven't taken the plunge to Amtrak because its twice the price and takes longer supposedly, but with this wait time I might as well save me the stress. If you have any other option, take it, for the love of God. Actually, I ended up taking Greyhound on the way back and despite the scary stories I've heard it was ten times nicer and ON TIME. What a luxury, right?", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "I've never taken a bus out of NYC before so being that this would be my first time, I read A LOT of reviews here on Yelp about Megabus and I was totally getting freaked out. However, my trip was absolutely pleasant!I took Megabus at PABT.I went to Bing and back to NY round trip for $2.50! It can't get any better than that! Of course I planned my trip a month in advance but wow!!! Taking the MTA round trip costs more! hahaThe bus left on time and got to Binghamton on the dot. My ride was great! I did sleep for most of the time though. The only con is that the AC is BLASTING!!! I was faareezzing my butt off! If you're a person who doesn't like the cold, I suggest you wear a little more or bring a blanket! haha", 'stars': '4.0'}
{'review': 'I can\'t give this 5 star like I originally thought. I honestly check the website regularly and can never get one of the "golden ticket" DOLLAR DEALS. I do believe they exist but have not been lucky enough to get it.-I was going to Canada in the beginning of June and didn\'t want to pay for airfare, even from LGA airport but I did get a last minute $75 bus ride all the way to Downtown Toronto on a friday night. This sucks too though there were some $24 deals but they left at like Thursday afternoons at 2 pm, but alas I was at work and the vacation given to me did not start until end of the work day that friday afternoon. \xa0-The night bus did not feel like it took that long. \xa0I slept I guess about half the way but made the mistake of not brining any snacks with me. BY 3:40 in the morning we stopped in Liverpool, NY, I believe I was super starving...I came straight from work with my suitcase and did not eat a proper dinner. \xa0IT was a lucky break for us, there was a McDonalds right there still open, for people to order food and just use the bathroom in general for more comfort than the journey of the bus.-I ordered whatever was left at that mcdonalds. The bus however did not arrive into TORONTO until about 1 hour and a half later than it originally was supposed to. \xa0It was cool though but I did have people waiting on me to arrive. MEGABUS is just not really known for leaving destinations or getting to the next one on time. \xa0I LOOK forward to taking the bus again at some point, possible to PHilly, hopefully I get a good deal or next year a trip back to Canada. I heard the Wi-fi kinda sucked so I did not even try and take out my netbook on the trip.', 'stars': '3.0'}
{'review': 'Yes you can get a bus ticket for a buck, I\'ve gotten it a couple of times but I assure you the service isn\'t worth that much.One cold winter morning I waited on my bus to take me to Albany to see my folks. I was dressed warm because Albany is forever cold and I anticipated the ac to be on blast on the bus. What I didnt anticipate was having to wait two hours for my bus to arrive, in 20° weather, with thirty other people (most of who had preemptively placed their costs and scarfs in their luggage). After the 3rd ,"the bus will be here shortly" more than half the people walked across the street demanding refunds. In short the mobbed the place....it was epic. I thought about walking over there and asking for my dollar back but decided to wait a little longer....sh_t its a bus ride to albany for a buck. When the bus finally showed it had a flat. Despite being pissed I couldn\'t help but laugh at all the money this place has losses and will loose. The two stars solely reflect the price I paid, the availability of seats, and the safe ride to my destination......everything \xa0else and I do mean everything sucked.', 'stars': '2.0'}
{'review': "Read some pretty harsh reviews, but our trip from Burbank CA to San Francisco wasn't bad. \xa0Bus left on time and ride was smooth. Only hitch was a suspension problem when we got to San Jose. \xa0A replacement bus was sent from SF and our trip wasdelayed 1-1/2 hours. \xa0Since we weren't on a schedule, it wasn't a big deal. \xa0The return trip was fine. \xa0Bus left exactly on time and we arrived 15min early. \xa0I wouldn't rule outa return trip to SF on Megabus in the future.", 'stars': '3.0'}
{'review': "I travel from NYC to Philly at least twice a month so I have taken this bus line plenty of times to tell fellow travelers that......When your on time, they don't come on time. When you're late, they still don't come on time. In NYC they pick the most inconvenient pick up spot..next to Java Center!? That's like avenues away from the subways.  I know there's traffic, there's unfortunate events that occurs on the road but how do you ended up backing up your bus into another bus and shattering it's windows while trying to park with the help of your fellow co-workers directing you??? Making me late over an hour because that's how long they too to get another bus over to us. So sad =(", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "MegaBus has Wifi!* MegaBus has power outlets!** MegaBus issues confirmation numbers to all passengers!***Take MegaBus!****The Fine Print:* WiFi rarely works and, when it does, it's at 28.8k AOL-dial-up in 1993 speeds. ** Power rarely works and, when it does, there's 1 plug per seat bank and it's in the ceiling so you better enjoy getting smacked in the face by a cord. *** Confirmation numbers work great! Only, the bus is always late. \xa0Often very late.**** Only take MegaBus as a last resort. Definitely try to grab a seat on BoltBus first.", 'stars': '2.0'}
{'review': "#65 I'm not the first one to say this nor will I be the last, but it's worth it for people who hate Megabus to read - chill out. One more time, with feeling, CHILL. OUT. I understand that people don't appreciate Megabus employees but, piece of advice, stop asking them stupid questions and they'll actually give you their attention. Seriously. Having stood next to the employee station in the standby line for an hour this past Sunday, we heard way too many repeats of the same exact questions - What time is the bus coming in? Why is the bus late? Where am I supposed to be standing? Do I have the right ticket? Why are you playing favorites? Can you do something about the sun? Mind fanning and feeding me grapes? For the amount of foot traffic and vehicle traffic these guys have to deal with on a daily basis, I applaud them for not punching anybody out. They know what they're doing and, if you leave them to it, you WILL get on that bus ride to (insert your destination). The boyfriend and I missed our 1:45 bus, got to the stop by 3:15, had to stand in line for a mere hour, and managed to get onto the 3:45 bus (which left a bit late because of traffic) having asked one question and waited patiently. Yes, the lines can be long but that doesn't mean anything. If you have a ticket for the 5PM bus, you are entitled to a seat on that bus. If you are on standby, they will parcel out the seats accordingly. However, if you want to sit in the luggage compartment like those crazies in Ohio, go talk to the Michigan bus company that stuffed them in there. Otherwise, I'm going to repeat myself, CHILL. OUT. Their double-decker buses can fit up to 75 people, they have electrical sockets, and Wi-Fi. What more can you ask for at $10 a bus ride (from New York to Philly)?", 'stars': '4.0'}
{'review': "I've taken one trip on Megabus from Buffalo NY to NYC.Bus leaves from transportation (bus) terminal in Buffalo - so don't have to wait on the street.The bus was clean, 2/3 of the seats were occupied, it was more or less ontime, it was no worse than greyhound or bolt.I will go mega again.wifi stinks, but what do you want for a $27 ticket?", 'stars': '4.0'}
{'review': 'BEWARE! \xa0I wouldn\'t recommend this "service" to my worst enemy. \xa0These people are serious thieves. \xa0I think Megabus should go out of business completely for their cheating, lying ways. \xa0Truly. \xa0I\'d be interested to know how much $ they make from completely duping people. \xa0After 10 years in NYC and using this service numerous times, this is the last straw. I have experienced Megabuses with no heat, no bathroom, and no driver (He never showed, and they cancelled the trip on the spot!). \xa0Here\'s where I draw the line: I purchased a round trip ticket online from NYC to D.C. \xa0It was a one night trip. \xa0My trip was cancelled yesterday due to weather, and there were no other trips that day (which is understandable and beyond their control). \xa0They refunded me for the first leg. \xa0But they REFUSED TO REFUND THE SECOND LEG. \xa0If I couldn\'t get there in the first place because you cancelled my first trip, how could I make the second trip? \xa0It only makes sense to refund the whole thing. \xa0They are forcing me to pay for a trip I couldn\'t possibly make. When I called, she kept saying, "I apologize." She refused to let me speak to a supervisor. \xa0So I reported them to the BBB and American Express. \xa0Thankfully, Amex is amazing and refunded my money. \xa0Don\'t let this happen to you.DO NOT USE MEGABUS. \xa0You will be so sorry you ever tried to deal with these people. \xa0:/', 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': 'For $9, I got just what I expected. Nothing spectacular, but nothing terrible. My bus from NYC to DC arrived early, but half the people on the bus had been delayed by a mechanical failure on their original bus, so they all arrived an hour late. The biggest hassle is actually getting on the right bus. I had a nice sunny day so I didn\'t mind wandering from MB employee to employee asking which bus to get on, but on a cold rainy day it wouldn\'t be ideal. It\'s all outside. I ended up in a Pittsburgh line instead of a DC line when one employee pointed me the wrong way, but I ended up on the right bus in the end. Advice: get there 20-30 minutes early. Don\'t count on there being wifi. Ours didn\'t work. Ask several employees about which bus to get on before you board. Don\'t refuse to let anyone sit in the seat next you because your "suit in your hanging bag needs to lay there so it won\'t get wrinkled" like the waste of space guy two seats in front of me. All in all it\'s a good deal and I\'d do it again.', 'stars': '3.0'}
{'review': "DO NOT TAKE MEGABUS. THEY CANCELLED A BUS WITHOUT TELLING ANYONE. Booked a bus from DC to NYC Sunday night at 10pm. At 10:05pm, some unhelpful gentleman working for Megabus came over and said that he didn't know where the bus was, and that we should call megabus.com to find out information. He also told us not to leave because he did not know the details of the bus. I waited for 1 hour on the phone to learn the bus was cancelled!?!?!! They didn't tell anyone. I called customer service the next day to get a refund, and they tell me I need to take the time to write down the details and they'll get back to me within 7-10 business days. Here is my email. This is a scam.", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': 'Poor customer service. Do not purchase your ticket the same day online unless you are sure that you can make it. \xa0Spoke to Fred, customer service line, and informed him my ticket was just purchase 30 mins ago and it had the wrong time. Fred refused to help and told me to purchase another ticket. As if money is growing off tree. POOOOR SERVICE ALL THE WAY! BAD BUSINESS DEALINGS AND FRAUDULENT POLICIES!!', 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "Back in the winter, I was looking for a more cost effective way to connect with the Amtrak in Philadelphia. I tried MegaBus after reading mixed reviews. What a drag! All of the buses were an hour late, the lines were ridiculously long and disorganized, and there was no shelter from the frigid temperatures. I arrived in Philadelphia late, missing both possible Amtrak connections to my destination. I had to have my father drive an hour and a half to pick me up. I vowed never again.Fast forward to today, waiting in a snaking line in the summer sun. \xa0They have made improvements like a gray barrier that makes it easier to control the surging crowds and a small area in the front of the line providing shade/shelter. There may also be slightly less confusion, but the overall theme is inefficient herding and late buses. Again, I arrived into Philadelphia an hour late, missing my connecting train. This was caused by not only leaving late from NYC and traffic, but also a 10 minute driver change that stomped out any hope of arriving to my train at 30th Street Station on time. The improvements they made to the waiting line seem inconsequential thanks to my late arrival. \xa0Yeah, You'll get to Philadelphia. Will it be a stress-free, on-time experience? Nope. If you have the cash, take Amtrak. If not, take the Bolt bus. Both get you to Philadelphia on time and the Bolt bus is even the same price.", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "It's always predictably late. We arrived at 8 for our 8 am bus to DC and the line waiting for the 7am DC-bound was still there. The bus never discounts when it comes to terrible services.", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': 'Finally took mega bus (for 2 years I have been a dedicated Bolt Bus rider - but one day I could not get on the Bolt Bus that I wanted because i waited too long to make a res.)So we took Mega - and it\'s OK. \xa0I still like Bolt a bit better. \xa0The double-decker configuration of the bus really packs you in and the low ceilings feel a bit too sardine-can. \xa0Also the bathroom is sooooo tiny - more like a "water closet". \xa0Eeew.Anyhow the wifi worked and we got there cheaply and safely. \xa0A hell of alot better than Grayhound or the SARS-infected Chinatown bus.', 'stars': '3.0'}
{'review': "I had a great experience with megabus! I was very nervous at first because of all of the bad reviews I read. My trip was great!I paid 20 bucks for a one way from NYC to Syracuse...already a great deal. The bus was on time and the employees were very friendly. There was wifi on the bus as well as working outlets. The bus driver didn't drive like a maniac or anything. I definitelywill be traveling megabus again!!", 'stars': '5.0'}
{'review': 'You\'re better off taking Bolt. Tried to get on earlier bus with only like 5 people on it. They were going to charge me 50% of my ticket price to get on one hour earlier. None of the other carriers charge for this. The extra charge also came with lots of attitude by some guy with a huge scar on his face who tried to "accuse" me of trying to get on an earlier bus as if I did something wrong. I also watched him turn away a pregnant woman with another infant in hand. Then he starts yelling at everyone. "This is the 310p bus... do not try to get on this bus if you are on the 410p bus!" Seriously??! The bus ended up leaving with only like 10 people on it. To top things off, the 410p bus was an hour late, and when I tried to get the name of the guy with the scar on his face, he wouldnt give it to me. Guaranteed, this guy has had other complaints about him. It also was super congested.. Why wouldnt they want people to get on a nearly empty bus that was earlier to decrease the congestion on the later, 410 pm bus? And on top of that, electric plugs didnt work, and they were playing some movie loud in the bus. Sure, movie perks are nice, but not everyone is amused by Robin Williams. Even airlines know to give people headphones when they are watching a movie. Unacceptable for you to be playing a movie for everyone. If you are going to give everyone the perk of a "movie", please have headphones for those of us who wish to rest or do other work besides listen to Robin WIlliams scream.No, thank you. I will take my business to Bolt.', 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "I've taken the Megabus several times: from NYC to Philly, Washington DC, Baltimore, and Rochester. It is usually my go-to bus when traveling because of how cheap the prices can be. But, you do get what you pay for, and too many times have I had unreliable service.For the buses going/coming from Rochester, it almost always arrives late. The last couple of times that I had taken the Megabus up, it would be about half an hour later than scheduled. Taking it down is even worse. Because the bus comes from Toronto and goes through the border, it is usually delayed at least an hour, especially on holiday weekends. I went to Baltimore in July, and coming back, the Megabus was late. When it arrived, the bus had no more room for luggage, and there were only a couple of seats left. I was able to snag one of the few seats, but I wonder what the other people had to do. Why does Megabus over sell their tickets, if they cannot guarantee a seat?Too often, the wifi on the bus is spotty at best, the AC is usually on too high (I have never had an issue with it not being on), and almost always arrives or departs late.", 'stars': '2.0'}
{'review': 'I rode the bus from downtown Toronto to Philly, with a connection in NYC.My problem with the Megabus is the scheduling. \xa0I ensured that there was 1-2 hours between the connection to provide for the bus running a bit behind schedule. \xa0Little did I know that en route to NYC, there was 1 extra stop not listed on the itinerary plus at least a half hour break at Mcdonalds (pretty sure it was closer to 45 minutes). You would think the break + extra stop should have been built into the scheduled time but clearly it was not and we were over an hour late to NYC. On top of that the drop off location is different from where you would depart on the next bus, so you have to account for the time to walk / cab to the port. \xa0We ended up missing our connection and had to wait another hour for the next bus, which luckily had seats available.On the way back from Philly, the bus was late leaving the station. \xa0Half an hour late arriving in NYC, so we scrambled to get to the port from the drop off location - barely made the bus. \xa0The bus then ran late getting to Toronto, and in total we were an hour late getting back into Toronto.This is the only thing that really annoyed me.I suppose you pay for what you get - I would not hesitate to ride MegaBus again if the tickets were as cheap as we got them but would never pay more than 80 bucks each way for this bus ride. \xa0It sure is a lot cheaper than a flight, but the drop off/pick up locations in NYC make it extra stressful, plus the unscheduled stops/delays.', 'stars': '2.0'}
{'review': 'I only use the bus when i feel like being extremely cheap and subjecting myself to the dregs of society. With that said MegaBus can definitely attract pure trash who need a cheap way of transportation. Ok so the patrons may not be as ratchet as they are on Peter Pan or as chatty as they would be on Fung-Wah or Lucky Star but it\'s still a way of getting from Point A to Point B. Personally out of all the buses I would choose Bolt Bus but sometimes you just need to go with MegaBus. They do advertise trips for as low as $1 but how early do you need to book a trip in advance to get it for a $1 because I have never been able to have that happen to me. Still the price is probably the cheapest overall if not right in line with Bolt Bus. The first time I took a Megabus I had to deal with a "ghetto ratchet" Caucasian girl with a young baby who pretty much cried or complained the entire trip. Instead of trying to be a parent she kept having a conversation with the child, like he knew what was going on UNREAL. Then her phone kept going off every minute via text message with a pretty obnoxious 50 Cent song has her text-tone. At that point all the NYQUILL and Tylenol PM in the world wouldn\'t have put me to sleep on that trip. The trip after that a black guy in his 40\'s who smelled like he doused himself in my grandfather\'s cologne sat behind me next to a stripper from Atlanta who was moving back to Boston to dance at up there. The conversation to say the least was raunchy, the guy also got her number SMH. The most recent Megabus trip wasn\'t that bad, a double decker bus took us from VT to NYC and it was great. Yes there were a good amount of people on it, but since the double decker has so many seats and it\'s spread out, it felt like no one was really on the bus. Was able to read, get tons of sleep, and the travelers on this bus actually respected one another. No loud speaking or some eating nasty smelling food. If you are looking to travel cheap this is one of your best options, just be prepared to deal with some tools, bring head phones and your highest tolerance level that day, you will need it.', 'stars': '2.0'}
{'review': 'On May 30th my friends & I took the 2:40pm bus from NYC to Boston. \xa0There was not wifi or power to the outlets. \xa04 hours late to our destination. \xa0We spent 2 hours in a parking lot waiting for a new bus driver because the one present had driven for 10 hours that day. \xa0The 10 hour driving limit is a corporate policy that is understandably enforced for everyone\'s safety. \xa0However, the corporation was informed hours in advance that he would not make it to the destination in time. \xa0Their lack of consideration for their drivers\' safety is disappointing. \xa0After two hours in a parking lot a new driver arrived and the previous one had to drive the company car to Boston, our final destination, after exceeding their safe driving limit.Customer service via their hotline only books reservations. \xa0Multiple customer service members were unwilling to listen. \xa0No customer service members were able to put a supervisor on the line. \xa0Instructions were to fill out an inquiry/contact them via the website. \xa0This area of the website should be made more prominent for easy access. \xa0The first message was sent May 30th on the bus ride. \xa0No response to date. \xa0Several more messages have been sent with no response. \xa0Additionally, myself and other riders were informed by "customer service" that a refund would be automatically applied after 5-7 days for any ride that is greater than 2 hours late. \xa016 days later, no refund.I recommend using Bolt Bus/Vamoose/another bus line in the future.', 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "I have low, low expectations. \xa0I usually take the Chinatown bus so I'm used to late buses, the persistent smell of urine, and overall lawlessness when waiting for the bus so this was pretty much an upgrade. \xa0People were huffing and puffing when the bus was 10 minutes late..I had no issues when we left a half hour late. \xa0So sad that I have post-traumatic stress syndrome from the Chinatown bus. \xa0The bathroom was clean, wi-fi access, and a pretty smooth ride= no issues for me.My only issues are that I have an issue with is the outdoor cue. \xa0What do you do when it's really inclement weather? \xa0Also the mandatory $5 credit card/debit card fee for taking another bus is super annoying.", 'stars': '4.0'}
{'review': "I had a ticket for the 12:40 megabus. It's now 1:45pm. I still haven't left. Enough said.Never taking the mega-shitty bus again.", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': 'AWFUL. Book Bolt, the train, rent a car, roller skate there, seriously anything is better than the Megabus. I arrived for my 830pm bus at 745, thinking that would be more than enough time to get a prime seat. Well, when I got to the sad/scary parking lot on 9th avenue that they use for boarding, the 6pm people had yet to get a bus. We waited outside, freezing and shivering for 2 hours before it was our turn. When we were finally boarding a man confronted a Megabus employee, who then started shouting and threatening the passenger. Once on board the entire bus reeked like toilet and shook like crazy. Never again.', 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "I hate you megabus.Not only are you the vehicle who my gf takes to go back to boston from nyc, leaving mostly sad moments in memory but you now force me to walk down to 9th ave...making me miss my train back home after i drop her off. \xa0Its bad enough I hate goodbyes but now you rub it in my face!All kidding aside, I would never advise anyone take megabus again unless your strapped for cash.If you do end up riding it for the price, I would avoid sitting at one of those tabled seats, there is nothing more uncomfortable than playing footsie with 3 other strangers with negative legroom in a bouncy bus. \xa0Seriously, sit at a normal seat if you are taller than 5'2...What more can i add to the chaotic lines and waiting areas that my fellow yelpers have not already covered...They routinely overbook so if you are riding at a peak hour (fri afternoons/evenings) either be prepared to hate life, or get there early...Well i suppose 1 star for the fact that you can get a trip to boston from nyc for 10-15 dollars. \xa0And i suppose the pickup location is more convenient than going to china town for the cheapo buses to Boston there.", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "Other than the bus breaking down on our midnight arrival into Philadelphia's 30th Street Station stop (and bc it was the electrical system, they couldn't open the luggage bay) I had a a somewhat positive experience for my overall roundtrip from NYC to Philly.PROS:Tickets were pretty inexpensive for interstate travel ($7 for my ticket back into NYC!), the double decker bus was clean and fairly spacious with pull down foot rests for short folks like myself. and while I didn't use the free wifi they also provide electric outlets, they had a restroom on the first floor and my wait time to get on the bus wasn't too long.CONS:-Can Megabus just pay for a large tent or something to cover the heads of their customers?! This whole standing in line in the cold at night outdoors is just unacceptable. \xa0If it was raining or snowing, the lines would be unbearable. \xa0-We arrived for our 8:40 bus 20 minutes in advance and saw that a 7:30 bus to I think Boston was STILL STANDING THERE and didn't load up until 9 PM. \xa0Crazy.", 'stars': '3.0'}
{'review': 'I really wished that I had read these reviews before booking the megabus for DC to NYC. \xa0The departure trip was not so bad. \xa0The bus was clean and spacious. \xa0But I\'m a small person, so space is rarely an issue. \xa0My main reason for booking megabus was the purported wifi. \xa0Otherwise, I would\'ve done the chinatown bus. \xa0WiFi was a joke. \xa0It was spotty at best at the very beginning of the trip and near the end. \xa0I was annoyed, but I considered it a learning experience. \xa0The return trip was a utterly HORRIBLE though. \xa0I missed my bus, so I was led to the very back to the standby line. \xa0Ok, first let me explain a little about the layout. \xa0It\'s pretty confusing, and this is partly the reason that my husband and I (both sick with bronchitis) ended up standing 2.5 hrs in 34F weather. \xa0The bus waiting area is outside Penn station. \xa0Apparently, this is a change, so definitely check your email confirmation or the website. \xa0The bus pick up location is also very clearly indicated inside penn station, too. \xa0There were multiple lines arranged one behind the other down the sidewalk, but the standby line was the very, very last one. \xa0After we were dropped off there, we were told that they would come get us when there was an opening. \xa0The next bus was the 4:30pm...no one got us...then the 5:30pm...still no one. \xa0Each time I would go to the front, a slightly annoyed employee (anyone wearing a bright orange vest), would tell me to wait longer. \xa0At around 6pm, I found the person in charge, who was the first person I had spoken to 2.5hrs ago. \xa0He says, "I was looking for you! \xa0Where did you guys go?" \xa0Bewildered, i told him that we had been in the standby line the entire time, where we has been placed. \xa0At that point, he told me to wait near the front, and he\'d put us on the next bus. \xa0While there, we realized that a lot of people would come early, since they already had a ticket, they would do a "change of reservation." \xa0Somehow, they knew to wait behind the people who had bought the earlier departure, and if there was space, they\'d just hop on. \xa0However, we also had an earlier ticket, and the agent I had spoken to on the phone had told us that our new ticket would be considered a change of reservation. \xa0So we should have been the first on the 4:30 bus after the regulars had gotten on. \xa0Certainly, we would\'ve made it on the 5:30 bus had the prior one sold out. \xa0It wasn\'t just us who had been neglected either, there were quite a few other ppl who were standby (no purchased ticket), who had also been waiting 2.5 hrs. \xa0They were also placed on the 6:30 bus with us. \xa0My advice is this: \xa0Though the employees are nice enough, they have no idea other than what they are told. \xa0Look for the one in charge, and only talk to him. \xa0If you are late, you belong in the lines up front, not the standby. \xa0Allow those who bought tickets to go ahead of you, but make sure you are at the end of that line, so that you can be called if there is an opening. \xa0I will never ride on the megabus again.', 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "If you can get a ticket for a dollar do it. \xa0Otherwise ride one of the legit companies (Bolt, Greyhound, etc.). \xa0This company doesn't care about customers and frequently has either freezing cold or boiling hot busses, delays, and terrible organization. \xa0Avoid if you can.", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': 'When my family had to skip town in a hurry (no worries- they arent criminals or anything) they had to leave me behind. Dont cry. I\'m over it. But my only option (since im the oldest person in the world with a learners permit) was to hop on a bus. Im not rich. no seriously, im not.So when i heard about the mega bus i thought - YES. This is awesome. Only, it wasnt very awesome.The depot in chinatown is run down. The floor in the waiting area (of folding chairs) is boarded with mismatched flooring and creaks like crazy when you walk on it. Its in chinatown so english is definitely a 2nd language. I sat and i waited for my bus. My ticket said Dover. When i confirmed with a girl seated next to me she informed me that my bus is the Baltimore bus. Had she not said that to me, i would probably still be waiting for that wilmington bus as we speak. A man enters the depot and yells something i couldnt really decipher. Suddenly hoards of people are picking up their bags and running. "is something bad gonna happen?!?!""No, your bus is here!""Oh."I see two buses! which one is mine??? when i approach a man who works with the company if this was my bus he screamed "I dont care- just shut up and get on the bus"I got on the bus. luckily it was the right one. We hit the road and suddenly several people on the bus opened up some dumplings. have you ever smelled dumplings on a bus?They surely smell like ass. And i have motion sickness. The bus stops in Wilmington to let off the first round of people. That kind girl that was nice to me earlier tells me i have to transfer to the van behind the bus to get to Dover. a VAN?!with a stranger??Shit. Fine. And i decide to run like hell and im glad i did becuase the van filled up quickly...and some poor fools had to wait for another sketchy van to pick them up. I made it to Dover safely.But this kind of travel is not for me. Note to self: get drivers license PRONTO.', 'stars': '2.0'}
{'review': 'Another adventure to thank Megabus for. They had this ridiculous "free tickets" sale back in December, and I threatened a friend with the prospect of finding super cheap tickets to Toronto, which I then did. We were stupid and waited a few days to book, and the tickets ended up costing $46.00 each (round-trip), but you still can\'t beat that!Megabus remains consistent in the quality of service they offer with clean, new buses, friendly (funny) drivers and they remain on-schedule, which helps (especially on a ten hour drive!). There are now 110V power outlets in the buses (one per row, so two seats share one), though our bus going up to Toronto had them and the one returning did not. Megabus\' Wi-Fi never works (for me, on my iPhone), so that\'s a dead issue, but guess it could be worth a shot for anyone with a laptop. My only qualm with Megabus is the absolute disorder with which their "queue" system on West 31st Street operates. If you don\'t take charge and start barking orders at fellow passengers (which I did), there is no reason to show up early as people try to be cute and cut the lines. With minimal oversight from the (generally) two Megabus employees "working" in the area, it helps to be defensive. Overall, Megabus is still reliable and enables cheap travel far-and-wide (like Toronto!). By the way, we liked Toronto, so we\'re going back in August and got $35.00 round-trip tickets this time. YES!', 'stars': '5.0'}
{'review': "Megabus is considerably better than Greyhound, Peter Pan, Fung Wah, etc. The fares are unbeatable, the buses are pretty decent (the double deckers are impressive but seem a bit top heavy for freeways). Generally, they're on time. Easy to book. No fuss. However, Bolt Bus is the way to go. They're the same price but have much better/cleaner/newer buses, reliable and free WiFi, more leg room, and more comfortable seats. Their reward program is also great.", 'stars': '5.0'}
{'review': "This is the second time I've taken Megabus round trip from NYC to DC. \xa0Both times, leaving NYC was uneventful, but returning was awful. \xa0Each time there was a long delay; this time, 40 minutes. \xa0There was almost no communication from staff- no updates, explanations. \xa0They seemed pretty unconcerned in fact. \xa0Also, there is almost no signage at Union Station for Megabus, unlike the other bus companies. \xa0Passengers had to check in with each other to make sure they were in the right line. \xa0Two other issues: 1. \xa0Make sure you have a coat or sweatshirt handy, even in summer- the AC is excessive and you really can't close the vents. \xa02. \xa0Don't count on their wifi- the signal sucks and I've only gotten on once, briefly, in 4 trips. \xa0Cheap? Yes, but I'm springing for Amtrak next time to avoid the inconveniences.", 'stars': '5.0'}
{'review': "You know, when it comes to transportation, you want a few things.1. you want clean2. you want timely3. you want cheapIf you have those things, you're doing really good, and megabus has those things in spades. \xa0I've been taking Amtrak for years, and getting frustrated by how bad it is. \xa0Megabus by comparison was a real dream. \xa0The only small complaint I would have is there is no bus terminal per se, at either end of the trip, pickup or dropoff. \xa0Since it was raining when I arrived in Albany, I was lucky that my fam happened to already be there, so I wasn't running for the train station ...Oh and did I mention cheap? \xa0$5 one way, and $17 the other. \xa0Depending on when you're traveling, it's possible to have $5, $12, $17 or $22 tickets. \xa0This compared with Amtrak's $40, $50 and $60 tickets. \xa0I mean c'mon people!!", 'stars': '4.0'}
{'review': 'One star is an overstatement for the surly, uncommunicative service, unexplained hassles, and interminable delays on Megabus. \xa0Our recent weekday trip from NYC to Boston began - without explanation - nearly one hour late....after we waited inches from speeding traffic on 12th Ave/West Side Highway. This is an obvious safety hazard that must be addressed before someone is killed or maimed. \xa0Additionally, how is it possible to oversell a bus? \xa0If you have 48 seats, sell 48 tickets, right? \xa0This led to another delay, as clueless staff tried to sort things out. \xa0The bus was supposed to travel non-stop from NYC to Boston but, surprise, we were routed into Hartford, CT, thence to Boston. \xa0More unpleasant surprises included the THREE unnecessary stops between Hartford and Boston. \xa0Two allegedly were to switch drivers, but of course that meant over 30 minutes wasted each time. \xa0Arrival in Boston: 3 hours AFTER the 10:10pm scheduled time. \xa0This experience proves that you get what you pay for. \xa0Count us out of future MegaHassle trips.', 'stars': '2.0'}
{'review': "These bad reviews are bumming me out. I always take Megabus between NYC and Providence because it's the only express bus on that route that doesn't charge $50 roundtrip (ugh, Peter Pan). That route must be blessed or something because I've always had good experiences. My bus has always gotten into Providence on time or a few minutes early, all of my drivers have been pleasant, WiFi always works, and the bus is always a decent temperature. The only time I've ever been late was right after a huge snowstorm last winter, and that was coming back into Manhattan. (Granted, I try to travel Mon-Thurs and before 2pm so that might be a factor.)Waiting outside on 9th Ave kinda sucks and the employees who run the lines can be a little short, but man that job has to be so much worse than waiting for a bus could ever be so I'm willing to cut them some slack.", 'stars': '4.0'}
{'review': "My experience on the bus was actually pleasant. The bus arrived on time in D.C. and dropped me off on schedule. The bus itself was nice, though a bit cramped. The Wifi worked, however the power outlet did not. So my computer use was limited. The reason for my poor review (and I would go lower if I could) is I now have bed bugs. I can't be certain if I got them from Knoxville to D.C. or from D.C. to NYC but I am certain that I got them on the Megabus. I'm totally grossed out and washing everything I own... \xa0Plus I left my iTouch on the bus and no one turned it in.", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "I was worried given some of the reviews, but honestly, Megabus is pretty fantastic. \xa0Did the round trip from Manhattan to Providence and back. \xa0We were on time both routes and I was happy to be able to watch Netflix instant movies throughout my journeys - love that the bus has WiFi. I'll be using Megabus to visit my sister and to escape the city from time to time. \xa0The only (minor) complaints I have, bathrooms are not fantastic, but when are they on transportation? \xa0And the WiFi is spotty from time to time, but for the price and the ease of the trip, these are truly minor complaints. \xa0Plan ahead, and escape the city.", 'stars': '4.0'}
{'review': 'Stupidly long lines in New York. Mass chaos. Late. They are not able to manage the number of passengers they are taking anymore.', 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': 'Yay for a bus showing up an hour late and standing in the sun waiting with no answers. Call megabus (after digging thru their website) more none answers. \xa0But look I see all the Boltbuses on time. \xa0Screw you Megabus. Never again', 'stars': '4.0'}
{'review': 'Terrible experience. Would not refund my ticket when their faulty system did not send out my reservation number in time for my bus.', 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "Bus was on time but all power outlets on the bus were not working. Hilarious. Bathroom in vile condition again. I will never choose megabus again. An absolute waste of money. Very poor customer service and of course tickets are non-refundable because they know how absolutely atrocious this service is and everyone would demand their money back. Honestly do not bother-- go with Bolt bus or Amtrak. Hell, I'd even fly.", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "i rode the mega bus from NY to Boston and the buses were clean both ways, smooth quiet ride, and going into Boston the bus got in early. coming back the guy who was expediting the line was rude to some passengers and was talking down to them so when he got to me i just showed him my ticket and said nothing to him. ain't nobody got time for that. on the way back there were some guys at the front table drinking from a bag and getting a little loud, people shushed them but they liked to drink. the driver didn't know they were drinking and told them off once we got back into NY. but it was too late. he told them he would have pulled the bus over if he had known they were drinking because it was illegal. in a way i'm glad he didn't because i didn't want to get pulled over. plus the man speaking Chinese on his cell phone standing behind me was annoying. but i gave him a dirty look so he would stop learning on my chair. the bus got in late coming back. one star off for that, and the rude man in Boston.overall 4 stars, 5 for the nice bus, minus one for the rude man and the drinking people. there should be a way that bus drivers can see what is going on behind them. i would use them again. at least the people riding were mostly high class. wi fi doesn't work. but who cares. it's a bus ride.", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "Don't take this bus - trust me. My ticket was for 6:40 but the bus came at 7:15. The worse part of it was the 5:10 and 5:40 folks were still waiting for the bus! \xa0It was a mess...the lines were super long and running into each other. People yelling, fussing...Go Bolt bus or Greyhound, seriously.", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': 'After experiencing both MegaBus and Bolt Bus on my recent trips to DC from NY, I wouldn\'t even put these 2 buses in the same category as "discount buses." \xa0It\'s like comparing apples to oranges.. \xa0If I truly did compare it apples to apples, Bolt Bus would be an organic Fiji Apple and Megabus, an ordinary plain apple found at your discounted supermarket.Slightly cheaper but the motto "you get what you paid for" rings true here. \xa0There are NO signs whatsoever on where to line up. It\'s chaotic. \xa0Every once in a while, I\'d ask what line this bus is going to. I saw 1 person managing 6 different lines (with an attitude). \xa0Is it that hard to make a sign? Seriously, I could have gone to any store, buy a poster and hand-write the destination. \xa0That would have quelled the chaos and confusion among the crowds. \xa0And when you think you\'re lining up for the right line, you realize two things: 1) you were in the wrong line because the person you asked was mistaken or 2) a new line is to be formed at another location and thus, your spot is lost since everyone is running to secure a spot.Seats seem overbooked and it\'s strictly first come first serve basis. \xa0But \xa0as previously mentioned, it doesn\'t matter if you have been waiting 1 hour in line because if a new line forms, someone who could have came 10 min prior to bus departing, might get a better spot than you. \xa0 The buses are also not on time. Both my departure and arrival time were delayed an hour plus; not cool when you\'re standing in the cold, shiveringInside the bus, the seats were cramped and the cloth seats reeked of mold. \xa0Wifi was available but no chargers (like other buses such as Bolt) so by time I arrived to my destination, my iphone/computer was drained of battery..I get it, buses were not made for a comfortable experience but any ways to mitigate the experiences clearly helps.How about chargers, professionalism, leather-y seats, punctuality, and most importantly, a system where we don\'t need to line up first come first serve but are grouped by lettering system? \xa0Oh wait, I think I just described Bolt Bus (among other better buses out there).Sure, they have $1 deals but like I said before, you get what you paid. Pay a little more and get a better ride and experience from it.', 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': 'Friday afternoon NYC-DC bus was a total fail:1) 3pm bus doesn\'t come until 3:45pm. 2) Driver barely speaks English and is driving SLOW AS HELL (as in, going 20 miles under the speed limit on a highway). Every single car was passing us by. I do appreciate a safe ride but dude, why are we going 40mph on a highway?3) Despite being severely delayed due to the above reasons, bus driver insists we take a rest stop break, further delaying us 20-30 minutes.4) Drop off point near Capitol Hill a complete sh*tshow. Felt like a refugee camp. Still, I will consider using them again because I am a masochist and they are cheap. I refuse to spend over 100 bucks on America\'s fake "high speed" rail system. But Megabus should only be a last resort. I\'d try Bolt, DC2NY, and even Greyhound before I use this company again.', 'stars': '4.0'}
{'review': 'In a word: GREAT! (For my trip, anyway.) \xa0Bought my roundtip ticket about a month early, paid $10.50 total. Good value! \xa0I took the Megabus from NYC-Pittsburgh Easter week- April 20-23 - \xa0and was more than satisfied with the service. The early Wednesday morning lineup was orderly and the NYC bus left only 10 minutes late. We had a double decker going out and there were plenty of seats. We also had Wifi, reasonable climate control, a clean bus and bathroom and a steady driver. I thought the breaks were sufficient, a 20-minute break an hour and a half into the trip, and then 5 hours later to pick up folks at State College. We only had one chronic yakker, speaking to his neighbor for 5 hours (is that even possible???), but overall, a very quiet trip. \xa0The return, Saturday morning at 11am, was not bad. We had a single decker, and it filled up when we stopped at State College. The driver was actually quite early at that stop, so I made a quick shopping run to Wal-Mart. \xa0A group of college friends were the chronic yakkers for this trip, but after a 30-minute, deep discussion about their physics class, interspersed with "like" and "like" and like like like," they settled down. (Can someone PLEASE sign these people up for speech therapy?) \xa0This trip had no Wifi, but the bus driver announced it right away. Again, a fairly smooth ride, clean bathroom and an arrival to NYC 15 minutes early. \xa0For riders, I suggest bringing a sack lunch, a travel pillow, good headphones and a sense of humor. \xa0For Megabus, I suggest getting roomier buses with pull-down trays.', 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': 'I am writing this review as I am pulling away from the stop ONE HOUR late. This company needs to get a clear message that their service is unacceptable. Will not take this bus again.', 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': 'I\'ve only taken this bus because of the low prices and just to get places. I never had to deal with any of their customer service until now. My luggage was misplaced recently and I called in to ask about it. There was a lot of important things in there so I\'m a bit upset that they did not help locate it.Their policy as is with many others, I think is "not responsible/liable for lost luggage". I understand with their policy they don\'t do anything for reimbursing your loss, but they have some pretty immature and unprofessional customer service. I called in once today to ask about the luggage I lost yesterday(which I had called them yesterday and they said to call back the next day). After they told me they didn\'t have my luggage in lost and found, I hung up. Not long later, I called again because I forgot to ask about their luggage policy and they never picked up even though I called several times. There was a busy tone every time. Using a friend\'s phone, I called again and reached them. Definitely ignoring calls. :/ terrible customer service.', 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "I took Megabus from NYC to Albany and I had no problems at all. \xa0I did my research online before hand so I'd be prepared and know what to expect. \xa0Got to the sidewalk bus stop 40 min early so we were 2nd in line, which meant no problem getting all Of our bags on and we got the seats we wanted (top level front seat.) Bus was clean Quiet and on time. \xa0It's true what everyone says the wifi is super slow but I knew that so I wasn't too disappointed. \xa0I would defiantly recommend the Megabus to anyone traveling from NYC To other east coast cities.", 'stars': '4.0'}
{'review': "I took megabus from midtown manhattan to upstate New York. It was in the evening (scheduled departure 8.00PM). I expected some lines so that we went there 40 minutes early and there were tons of people in line. Therefore, if you are in a big group and want to sit together, you better get there at least one hour early. There will be a handful of Megabus staff. Just tell them your destination and time and they will point you out the line for you. (there were about 7-8 different destinations.)Around 15 minutes before boarding, the staff will check your confirmation number. (you can print out or write down or show confirmation number from your phone - just the number that they want) Our bus arrived on time. You hand them luggage and get on the bus. Note, there is no overhead space like in a train or air plane for your belonging. You may put your stuff under your seat for small bag/backpack. Mine was an overnight trip. So they stopped for 30 minutes at a rest stop on the highway... for food and restroom. For the price, convenience, service - It was fine. I had no problem whatsoever. Everything is as expected. (Hampton Line bus is much nice for their more leg room and free snack.) But Megabus is worth the money you pay for.For short trip like 2 - 6 hours, go ahead and book with them.Only one reason I gave them 3 stars even though I like megabus is the delay. Mine was 11 hour trip so there was 2 hours delayed both trips :( and seriously, some missed their connecting flights. Think before you book a long transit. But if you have some time to spare, it will be all right.Tips: no free drink provided - please bring some yourself.Bus stop area in midtown - you would not miss it. You'll see tents + peopleFree wifi (yes and it worked)Sleeping on the bus was not an ideal but workable. bring your neck pillow, eye mask, ear plug, etc if necessary", 'stars': '3.0'}
{'review': 'I would like to echo the sentiments that say Megabus\' quality has seriously declined since the Chinatown buslines have gone out of service. I used to regularly take Lucky Star and occasionally ride Megabus on the Boston-NYC route, and I never had a problem with either (despite the notorious problems with Lucky Star).This past weekend I travelled to NYC on a 3 pm bus that did not leave until 4, and was further delayed 2 hours. I don\'t blame Megabus for the 2 hour delay due to traffic, but I consider late buses to just show that they don\'t have enough buses to accommodate as many tickets as they sell in peak travel times. Had we left at 3 instead of 4 just as rush hour were kicking in, perhaps the traffic would have been lighter. In any case, instead of arriving in NY at 730 I arrived at 1030.On the return trip to Boston, the bus was again late, but only by 30 minutes this time (still significant, especially as this time there was absolutely no traffic). Furthermore, they had sold enough tickets for one of their double-decker buses, but the bus that arrived was a single-level, so not all passengers could get on. Apparently our intended bus had just unloaded and would take another 45 minutes to arrive (which means in reality that bus was 1:15 behind schedule). I was "lucky" enough to get on the first bus, and was hoping we would arrive in Boston just in time to make the last train.Unfortunately about halfway through the journey the bus broke down and we had to wait almost a full hour for a new bus to arrive. The cherry on top was when the mechanic who came in the new bus left his laptop on the bus and we pulled away with it, meaning we again had to stop and wait 10 minutes for him to catch up and get it. Needless to say, we arrived in Boston at 2 am, 1.5 hours later than the scheduled arrival time (which I noticed allows for 4.5 hours to complete a 4 hour route, but this is typical and appreciated). Everyone on the bus who was planning on using public transportation had to take a cab, so this added an additional $30 to my already overpriced ticket. As others have already commented, the Chinatown buses were uniformly at most $15, and you got what you paid for (but you got there!); I paid $30 for my trip to NY and $17 for my return trip, which I think is ridiculous for the line that is supposedly the nicer alternative to YoBus (the new Chinatown bus) and the cheap alternative to Greyhound.Just to include a little about the quality of the ride itself, the WiFI actually didn\'t work at all, the lights didn\'t work in my seat on the replacement bus, and the loading and unloading process was disorganized and hectic (also I noticed on both the trip to and from NY that if you bribed the ticket guy he would get you on a bus). Overall a really terrible service experience that I would be totally willing to overlook if Megabus both got me there on time and charged me the price appropriate for their services ( less than $20 for sure).Update: I just noticed that Megabus did send me an email informing me that my 8:10 bus to Boston would depart about 10-15 minutes late; unfortunately the email wasn\'t sent until 10:10 pm, so I don\'t know how useful anyone could have found it.', 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "I got from point A to point B, on time, on a clean bus, with the AC pumped to the highest level, for a good price. What more could I want? I wouldn't give it 5 stars because the boarding process is beyond terrible, and they didn't do a good job checking people's tickets--so we had to wait for them to confront the one idiot who thought he wouldn't be noticed sneaking onto a sold-out bus.While they do travel to more places, I'd go with Bolt first if I had to choose between the two carriers.", 'stars': '4.0'}
{'review': 'Absolute worst experience. The bus broke down an hour into a 4 1/2 hour ride from NY-BOS, and the bus driver didn\'t tell anyone on the bus what was going on for about a half an hour, while we were all stranded on the side of the highway.The only thing the driver told us was that "we\'re screwed" and that the bus overheated, and maybe a mechanic or a backup bus was coming. Long story short, I grouped together a few other people and called a taxi service in Westchester to pick us up on the side of the highway and drop us off at the local airport, then we rented a car and had to drive it 3 12/ hours to Boston, paying for everything out of pocket.For those that waited with the bus, they had to wait 3 hours, meaning they arrived in Boston around 12:30am the next day instead of 9:30pm as scheduled.When I tried to get a refund, they gave me the run-around, so I finally had to cancel charges with Amex.Wifi hasn\'t worked the last 2 trips I\'ve taken either - not that it\'s slow - the network doesn\'t even exist.', 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': 'I think I\'ll start my own bus line and advertise .25*cent fairs (and in small font *=only every millionth rider gets this price). \xa0The $1 buck thing is just a marketing gimmick... but anyways, $20 from DC to NY is still a good deal... but never so much has the saying "you get what you pay for" \xa0held so true......while the line in DC was manageable, the queue in NYC was quite chaotic - a scene straight out of your blockbuster apocalyptic movie... can you say OVERBOOK.. to the tune of, DOUBLE the capacity of your buses? \xa0Sure, they may have extra buses on standby, but expect to arrive at least 1.5 hrs early to make your \'reserved\' bus time, or wait an extra hour to catch a backup bus since your \'reserved\' spot was full even though you arrived 30 minutes early. \xa0Add to that the fact that they had a skeleton crew of 2-3 workers managing the chaos of almost a thousand confused riders, and its more than enough to make a man shell out $50 extra for amtrak.I\'ve used BoltBus before, and I was happy with it - but since I used it during off-peak hours, I can\'t really make a fair comparison. \xa0But if you decide to use megabus, be prepared to feel like $1* cattle.', 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': '"I should have taken the Chinatown bus."The Chinatown bus. Known for its numerous NTHSA citations, its reckless driving, and its turf war shootouts.When you\'re standing on a New York street corner at midnight, toes freezing, nose running, bus over an hour late, you know you\'ve finally hit rock bottom with Megabus, and the one dollar tickets just can\'t make up for it. They just can\'t.', 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': 'This is truly the finest bus experience I have thus far experienced. A friend recommended it to me as an afterthought when I was trying to book Amtrak tickets from Baltimore to NYC. The round-trip on the train was going to be somewhere north of $200, and take 4 hours. The Megabus, on the other hand, took only 4.5 hours and cost $36 round-trip, freeing up a great deal of money that I was then able to use more effectively eating out in NYC. (Also Amtrak: What the fuck? Why are you so asspensive? Stupid American trains.)The online reservation process is simple, and all you need to do is print out your confirmation page and show it to the ticket-taker at the designated bus stop. Once on board, you have the option of sitting upstairs or downstairs, because it is a double-decker. It pays to get there as early prior to departure as possible, because the more spacious first-floor seats fill up quickly. However, the trip goes by in a relatively painless manner, since the bus has its own wi-fi and electrical outlets for people with laptops or smart phones to while away the hours.The only slight negative is that the bus will usually be completely full, so you will probably find yourself sitting next to someone in relatively narrow seats for quite a while. I can only suggest a laptop, several movies, and earphones to keep the madness at bay.', 'stars': '5.0'}
{'review': "My friend and I booked Megabus to go down to Philly. \xa0It's as good as a bus can be: comfortable, spacious and equipped with free wifi.They have a deal where the first few people (I'm not sure how many...maybe the first 10?) get their round trip fares for $0.25. \xa0We got lucky and made the cut! \xa0Can't beat the price! \xa0Even their regular fares are a good deal, considering the price of gas these days.", 'stars': '4.0'}
{'review': "My wife and I wanted to take Bolt Bus for a spontaneous trip to Washington DC but every bus we wanted to take was sold out. \xa0We then had to resort to Mega Bus which I thought would have comparable service. Boy was I wrong! This is the worst bus service I have ever used. Here is the list of everything that went wrong:1. We weren't able to catch our 6:45pm bus till 7:30pm2. We had to wait outside in this 100 degree plus heat wave3. When we were loaded into the bus the air condition was not turned on till the bus was ready to leave. We waited for at least 20 minutes. 4. Netflix was blocked by the free wireless service on my iPad but I later found out it worked for my iPhone. It was just a miserable experience. I will schedule ahead for Bolt Bus or pay more and take Amtrak next time around.Quick Update:My wife and I decided to pay for Amtrak to get back to NYC instead of riding the MegaBus back.", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "Megabus is a joke. It's always late. There are often problems with the buses. The wifi never works.", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': 'The word customer service does not exist for this company. The staff is extremely RUDE. They are NEVER on time. I witness a driver close the door on a passenger because she was looking for her ticket on her phone. When she knocked at the door to get his attention he completely ignored her. I would recommend instead the BOLT Busses, trains anything but MEGABUS.', 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': 'NO BUS CAMEwaited over an hour for an 11:30 bus and \xa0nothing came. No advisory posted on their website. No phone number to call. Absolutely a horrible experience. We gave up and went to Greyhound.', 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': 'WORST CUSTOMER SERVICE EVER!!!There was absolutely no courtesy from either of the people I spoke to on the phone. \xa0What could have been resolved quickly turned into a huge dilemma and a livid customer. I was told I had to purchase a new ticket and wait 3.5 hours for the next bus because I missed mine, when in fact I did not miss it - it was just over half an hour late! \xa0The customer service person seemed as though they were simply repeating the same 4 lines over to me without listening.You really do get what you pay for with Megabus!', 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': '1 1/2hr late to leave, bus broke down twice, arrived in NYC 5 hours late, someone stole my luggage (or at least accidentally took mine and left his similar bag). Customer service is impossible to get thru to, with over 40min wait on hold, they are extremely unhelpful. MEGABUS is a disaster.', 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "This was my 3rd time and definitely my last time on Megabus! \xa0Our trip to Boston and back was delayed by almost an hour waiting for the bus and then it broke down on the way there and on the way home. \xa0Our friends were on the bus after us and they too got stuck on a broke down bus. \xa0Are you kidding me?! \xa0Every time I have ridden MegaBus, I have been delayed. What is the point of a schedule if they cant keep it?!When I called to talk to someone at customer service (we had to book last minute tickets for the Fung Wah/Chinatown bus to ensure we got home on time so my boyfriend could get to work), they told me they would get back to me in 5-7 days. \xa0That was the crappiest service I have ever dealt with! \xa0We had to forfeit our tickets home because they werent on time and then they decide that to deal with an upset customer, we will call them back in a week!! \xa0I work for a hotel and couldn't imagine saying something like that to a guest!If you are traveling by bus, Bolt Bus is definitely the only way to go! \xa0Always on time for pick up, early drop offs and great, comfortable seats!", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "If you've never taken a moving trampoline for over four straight hours and $30 or less, congratulations, because you've come to the right place. How this bus's wheels haven't fallen off yet is nuts.", 'stars': '3.0'}
{'review': 'This is actually a zero star review, but anyway...it was my first time with Megabus. I prefer trains but right after Hurricane Sandy, no one was sure when NJ Transit would be running and I absolutely needed to be in Philly by Monday evening. I figured I ought to reserve a bus seat a few days in advance in case the train service is still bad and everyone else is trying to take the bus as well. I arrived at Penn Station about 40 min before the 15-minute check-in time (plenty of time to walk to wherever the bus terminal was). I walked to 33rd- 34th and 9th-10th and couldn\'t find it. I thought maybe I misunderstood and the entrance was somewhere in Penn Station so I walked back all the way back to Penn. I asked a customer service person who said the entrance was on 9th. I walked all the way back to 9th. Nothing. Asked an employee of another bus line who said it might be on 10th and 33rd. Nothing. A guy sitting in his FedEx truck saw me looking perplexed and said he thought it might be on 11th as he saw a few buses going in that direction. On the corner of 34th and 11th I asked a traffic controller person who said she had no idea where it was. When I said (more to myself than anything else), "Hmm, no one seems to know where it is" she went ape-shit on me and accused me of calling her a liar. That was fun. I looked past her and saw blue-yellow something and thought the colors looked familiar. By this time it was exactly 12:45, departure time. As I ran up I realized it was Megabus. Two buses were standing there. I walked up to the Philadelphia sign and asked a guy in a vest if he worked there and which was the bus to Philly. He asked what time and I told him and he pointed to a bus further down and said, "Run, he\'s about to leave!". Go figure, the bus is not parked in front of the correct sign. I got to the closed door of the bus and knocked on it, and the driver looked at me and pulled away from the curb as two other workers yelled "Ma\'am!" at me to get away from the bus. The best part was as I walked away the damn bus was sitting at the red light and the idiot driver looked at me again, knowing full well what he had just done. Look, I understand they can\'t wait for stragglers but first this poor excuse for a company needs to better communicate where their "terminal" is. Not even city transit customer service people know where to grab the Megabus. \xa0And seriously it was exactly departure time and I had no luggage to store. Just open the door. Horrible, horrible way to serve customers. Pay extra and take anything but Megabus. They don\'t deserve a dime.', 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "Still giving Megabus 4 stars.As I mentioned in my previous review, I got a $1 ticket for my ride back to NYC from Providence on the Sunday after Thanksgiving. \xa0Naturally, I expected the worst, but I was very happy when we arrived only 30 minutes late. \xa0Providence is one of Megabus' newer routes, and maybe for that reason, a lot of people aren't aware of it. \xa0There were about 10-12 empty seats, and the bus I took was a single-level bus, not one of their trademark double deckers. \xa0The bus pulled up on the northeast corner of Fountain and Eddy, on Fountain. \xa0If you get there too early and the weather's bad, you can head over to the Starbucks in the Biltmore Hotel, just a block east on Dorrance. \xa0The bus was scheduled to leave at 3. \xa0I was glad to see that it pulled up at 2:37. \xa0The driver opened the door at 2:40, and two minutes later, I had claimed my seat. \xa0At 2:59 we were off. \xa0There was one electrical outlet available above every pair of seats, and the wifi worked. \xa0Inside, the bus was very clean and there weren't any weird smells. \xa0However, the bathroom was disgusting. \xa0I didn't really need to go, but I went for the sake of you, fellow Yelp readers. \xa0The moment I opened the door, I saw an unpleasant puddle on the ground...*YUCK* \xa0It was unavoidable. \xa0My tip: \xa0do what you gotta do before you board the bus. \xa0As often as I travel on buses, I NEVER use their bathrooms. \xa0And even if they're clean, thy're so cramped (smaller than plane bathrooms) and the ride is so bumpy that it's just plain unpleasant to do your business. \xa0No sinks either - just hand sanitizer (so yes, that aforementioned puddle was NOT sink water...).Traffic was fine for the most part until we hit the New Haven area on 95. \xa0The main reason we were late, though, was because of the horrendous traffic on 9th Ave...but considering it was a Thanksgiving travel day, it could've been A LOT worse. \xa0I'm sure my luck with Megabus is going to run out at some point soon, and I'm going to have an absolutely shitty experience. \xa0But I've had nightmares with Greyhound, Boltbus, one of the Chinatown buses (my Greyhound bus from New Haven to Worcester on the Wednesday before Thanksgiving was over an hour late and the operator at the station had absolutely no clue when the bus would arrive)... it's just unavoidable. \xa0If you're choosing to travel by bus, you just have to expect the worst each time.", 'stars': '4.0'}
{'review': "I'll be honest, after reading some of these reviews before my trip, I was terrified. But in reality, I had a decent experience with megabus this weekend. I would rate it a 3, but I'm padding a star because I think the overall rating is skewed. People love to vent but few would get onto yelp to share a good experience with a discount bus company. I traveled from Baltimore to New York on Friday morning. The white marsh park and ride was easy to find and the megabus parking was clearly labeled and had lots of spots. We left 15 minutes late even though everyone was on the bus on time. I didn't actually get the double deck megabus, it was just some standard coach bus. There was no wifi or outlets which is kind of a bummer but my biggest complaint was the ac was blasting so it was soooo cold. Bring a sweatshirt. We got to NY on time.On the return trip, again I was put on a non-megabus bus. No wifi or outlets. We left 10 minutes late. It wasn't quite as cold on this one but still a little chilly. We got to Baltimore on time. No real reasons to complain. It got me where I needed to be for $40 round trip booked last minute. Not bad. I will probably try bolt in the future but the fact I could leave my car at the megabus lot in baltimore was the reason I chose them.", 'stars': '4.0'}
{'review': 'This is my second time booking with Mega bus and they fail every single time to leave at the appropriate time. I booked the 8:00 AM bus for a reason, there was no reason for a delay. Why are we just now leaving for the destination at 8:24 when we had a 8:00 AM trip?? Worse EVER, at least the Chinese buses are punctual.', 'stars': '4.0'}
{'review': 'The reason why I tried mega bus is because both bolt bus and amtrack were full.the waiting was horrible really confusing when you were in NY, our bus get delayed and people cut in line just because they pay more...and the online system sucks, if you want to change your ticket you have to pay an extra dollar, which is not that bad, but it took the money from me and the schedule didnt change at all... this just ridiculous', 'stars': '2.0'}
{'review': "I've taken Megabus to DC, Boston, Hartford and Toronto on several occasions (only once to Toronto). The New York stop for departures improved GREATLY within the last year. They now have a dedicated lot with lines separated by destination (they set up posts with string/chain to denote lines), so it's no longer difficult to find which line to go on. Kudos to them for that.The bus is VERY hit or miss in terms of leaving and arriving on time. It's literally just a crap shoot. I've had really good days (sometimes arriving earlier than forecasted, which might not be a good thing if you're getting picked up) and REALLY bad days.The wifi is almost hit or miss (works maybe 60-70% of the time). The electrical outlets as well (works more often than not, around 80%, but there's only one plug for every 4-5 seats (or every 2 seats depending on the bus), so good luck getting a plug on a packed bus containing tech-savvy people. Most times, I end up sharing outlet privileges with someone else.Overall, given my expectations and what Megabus advertises, I'd give this service a 2.5-3 stars. However, comparing Megabus to other more expensive forms of transportation, makes me look at the big picture and realize Megabus is a great deal. ESPECIALLY if you buy tickets early enough. You can save anywhere from $10-$14 ($1 tickets available if you book SUPER early), which is pretty damn awesome. Going to DC for $1? Wow.Anyway so yeah, Megabus is pretty great in the grand scheme of things. If you're looking for dependability over price, I'd suggest taking a train or flying or something.", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "Don't bother asking for a refund when buses are running 3 hours behind in picking you up -- you won't get it. And oh, did I mention? Don't bother riding this piece of crap bus line. As you may see from the reviews below, they're almost never on time. I emailed to ask for a refund and the customer service reps just said, traffic is not our fault. Well, letting us know a reasonable estimate of when the bus will get here, in this day of cell phones, walkie talkies, and communicating with the base, there is just no excuse for not giving us an estimate of when the bus will arrive.So yeah, if you'd like your friend to wait 3 hours for you in the bus station parking lot since she lives an hour from the pickup area, while you stand in the cold or heat in your hometown not even on the bus yet - TAKE MEGABUS. OTHERWISE, FIND ANY OTHER MEANS OF TRANSPORTATION POSSIBLE. Greyhound, Peter Pan, Adirondacks Trailways, flight, Amtrak, Metronorth.", 'stars': '4.0'}
{'review': "What a clusterfudge trying to get on your bus. Once you're on it's fine. Shoot for the row by the stairs, there seems to be more legroom there. Do NOT sit in the back row as it does not recline, and the legroom seemed less. Additionally in my case, the outlets did not work in the back row, and the internet is laughable. When it does actually work, it's slower than EDGE on my iPhone. I'm sure it's a hell of a deal, but just be careful where you choose to sit.", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': 'NYC/Philly route:If u like a 1 hour delay departure, a stop mid-route to switch drivers (and therefore sitting in gas station parking lot for indefinite amount of time), and stretching an easy 2 hour trip into 4 unnecessary hours, then Megabus is the way to go. This has happened both ways of this route, and my friends had the same experience on the same route, and on the DC/NYC route.Save yourself the headache and go Bolt Bus!!', 'stars': '3.0'}
{'review': "Easy online booking. \xa0The sooner you book, the less it costs. \xa0Compared to the other discount bus services I've used, this one seems to have the SAFEST DRIVERS. \xa0This is extremely important to me as I drive a large bus for a living myself. \xa0Also, there are plug-ins for laptops and phones and free wifi. \xa0Helps pass the time.The only issue I had was that at some stations like Philly and Baltimore...the pick up point is outside in the elements. \xa0It was especially remote at the Baltimore drop off point. \xa0Not close to any buildings to take shelter in. No nearby restrooms. \xa0And the Baltimore drop off isn't actually in Baltimore. \xa0Its in another town called White Marsh. \xa0Getting anywhere from there is a pain.", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "I've only had the pleasure/discourtesy of traveling on Megabus along the Baltimore/New York corridor, but I would suggest the following travel tips when planning your journey. Megabus can be a relatively hassle-free, cost-efficient transportation to get from Baltimore to DC, but if you don't plan accordingly, you'll end up like Katie in the the Mad Real World skit of Season 1 of the Chappelle show.1) Traveling during the morning and on weekdays is best. The bus is less crowded and avoids the traffic snarls that can accumulate during morning and afternoon rush hours.2) Get in line early so that you have unfettered access to the wall jack if you need to plug in your laptop. 3) Expect your bus to leave 15-30 minutes late and arrive at your destination 15-30 minutes late.4) During the holidays, you are going to get delayed no matter what. If you want to avoid hassle, buy a regional ticket for Amtrak at least a month before hand.", 'stars': '4.0'}
{'review': 'This is the worse bus service ever.horrible staff/unhelpful/unprofessionalcrowded/cramped.', 'stars': '3.0'}
{'review': 'I commute once a week from Philly to NYC. I always take a bus.I\'ve found that Megabus very, very rarely arrives on schedule. If you do take Megabus, I would suggest taking the hour earlier bus so you can be sure that you arrive on time. If you don\'t care whether the bus is arrives late, then Megabus will do alright for you.If I had to put a number on it, Megabus service is usually 30 minutes late in arrival. My last ride from Philly to NYC was over an hour late. Customer Service blamed traffic and that\'s pretty much all they said to me.As an alternative, I would suggest taking Greyhound. The buses are not as clean/ comfortable as Megabus... but in my experience Greyhound will more or less get you to your destination on time.Chinatown buses used to be reliable.. but they sometimes will simply Not leave until there are enough people on the bus. I\'ve fallen asleep on a 7am departure and woke up on the same bus, in the same exact spot 40 minutes later! They will also permanently tell you "the bus is coming" when you ask them why the bus never arrived to the station.So yea, if you need to catch a bus, I\'ve found that in my commuting from Philly to NYC that Greyhound will give you the most consistent service.', 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "NYC to Boston trip went perfectly and everything was on time, but probably because we left so early at around 7 AM. \xa0On the trip back though, there was a 1 1/2 hour delay. \xa0It was my first time taking a bus on a long trip, so I didn't know what was going on and it would have been nice to get some updates or information about why I stood in line for so long. \xa0Overall, the drivers were both pretty safe. \xa0Free wi-fi on the bus (kind of slow) & restrooms were clean.", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "For the price, convenience and bus amenities, you really can't ask for more from Megabus. \xa0I'd give it 5 stars, but there is always room for improvement for any bus service company (i.e. customer service, bus schedules, tardiness, etc.). \xa0Love the double decker buses, they're relatively new, and pretty comfortable. \xa0The deals with Megabus are unbeatable (compared to Bolt and any other Chinatown service bus). \xa0Easy to use website and wonderful flat rate tax/surcharge. \xa0Made for a wonderful summer traveling to D.C., Boston, and Baltimore!", 'stars': '2.0'}
{'review': '- free WiFi on the bus which is how I\'m able to write this now.- funnest / scariest seats are the "suicide seats" on the front 2nd deck, because you feel like at any moment your are going to crash into one of numerous overhead signs, tunnels \xa0and overpasses.- the sidewalk is the waiting area so dress according to the weather.- come at least 30 mins. early for good seats otherwise 15 min. and don\'t be afraid to ask which line is which. - our driver now seems very inexperienced with driving large buses. In fact he had gotten into a minor fender bender just before embarking (think a person just learning to drive a manual shift car....that was our FIRST bus driver...luckily we only had him for like 30 mins)- driver change just outside of NYC, but you don\'t leave the bus.- stop over in Baltimore to drop-off / pick-up passengers.- lavatory inside the bus looked and smelled fresh and clean.- departed LATE and arrived LATE. Total time was more like 5.5 hours instead of the stated 4.5 hours.Suggestions for MegaBus:(1) get more experienced drivers(2) depart and arrive on time.', 'stars': '4.0'}
{'review': "The best bus experience I've ever had. I did the round trip from Manhattan to Boston on the double-decker and sat on the bottom level. I had plenty of room for my bag and legs without feeling cramped. The bus wasn't too cold or hot, which was really appreciated. For some reason most buses/trains/plains feel the need to refrigerate their paying passengers, as if we have expiration dates. The wifi is a great addition, and I found it spotty when the bus was full, but I'm not complaining because I still had entertainment for 4 hours. Yay Netflix! Did I mention that the bathroom wasn't disgusting? Major plus, especially since I usually plan my liquid-intake around whether there will be a clean-ish bathroom available. My round trip ticket cost about $40, but if I had known I was going earlier I could have gotten it way cheaper. But I still think it was worth it, especially when looking at the alternatives.", 'stars': '4.0'}
{'review': "Friday night. Mind you I worked a 9 hour day. Bus was supposed to leave at 11:59pm, but didn't arrive until 1p.m. No explanation. At that point, I was so relieved to be sitting that I could have cared less about seeking someone out to yell at. Return trip was right on time. I suppose I would ride megabus again, but it would have to be a really great deal.Megabus is a mixed bag. On the way there, we got a table (which is a really good idea for a bus). On the way back, the outlets didn't work to charge my phone.The serivice is definitely inconsistent.", 'stars': '4.0'}
{'review': 'So I have given mega bus far too many chances and I\'m literally propelled into writing this review. This service is cheap, but not cheap enough for the low life apathetic mega bus employees who don\'t give a sh\'t. They are typically 40min to 1 1/2 hours late (so pleased dont give your loved ones the time listed as arrival) and when you ask any question about arrival time etc, the staff give you such an attitude you\'d think you were back in middle school. I have used the service At least 7 times for last minute trips home to Philly or DC with my bf and every time I swear it will be the last. I\'m so grossed out and regretful every time I have to use them because bolt bus is sold out. I am almost always early for a bus that doesn\'t arrive for another hour BUT am writing this review from the back of a sparsely populated mega bus on Father\'s Day because I am so irritated. I ran into some early morning difficulties \xa0and anxiously arrived at 8:29 for an 8:30 bus. The bus was there and my boyfriend ran to show them our tickets. He was ignored, the staff said " supposed to be here 15 min early, take the next bus" meanwhile the Philly bus is sitting 4 feet away from him, with the doors OPEN!!! I run over and the guys are telling him, "depends on what the bus driver says" the other says "I\'m walkin away" and does just that. My bf gives up on the staff and try\'s to talk to the bus driver who in the mean time shut his door and is pointed at the staff who just walked away. I go try to talk to "that guy" who of course pretends like I don\'t exist and says I need to wait till the next bus. I am not rude or unapologetic by any means but was treated like all the staff severely resented their jobs, life, and the fact that they had to deal with humans. Meanwhile my boyfriend finally got the bus driver to open the door, seeing we had a 8:30 reservation, he was obviously confused why the staff wasn\'t giving us the time of day and let us on. We sat down and what could have taken 20 seconds turned into 2 minutes of extreme stress and the most ostracized experience I\'ve had yet with mega bus. Finally I am saying never again. If your looking into mega bus and can avoid it using bolt bus, at least I\'ve saved one. If you have to use mega bus- yikes- and I\'m sure you\'ll be forced to write your own review soon enough. P.s this bus ride is given a cherry on top from the guy 2 rows up that is when fell asleep turned into gargoyle. I have never heard snoring this bad... This is worse then having a crying baby. \xa0I am considering looking up sleep apnea clinics for him upon his consciousness.', 'stars': '2.0'}
{'review': "I've taken Megabus multiple times down to D.C. to visit my friend Cami. 3 out of the 4 times I had a good experience. Last time I took Megabus, it was less than stellar purely because the bus going from NYC to D.C. was late by almost two hours. Apparently that's nothing compared to the experience other people have had. In a nutshell, Megabus is on-time, some of the time. Especially leaving from NYC. Pickup in D.C. was always ontime. The wifi doesn't always work and because so many people are connected to it, the connection can be slow. If you have a tethering service, I suggest you use that. I had bought two seats for one of my trips because a friend of mine was going to go with me and bailed. Technically, that should mean I get both seats. No. Someone will sit next to you anyway or the bus driver will speak to you.Get to the back row of the top part of the bus. Best seats in the house. In sum, Megabus has cheap prices if you book enough in advance. Don't lose your reservation or you're screwed. Bring food with you on the bus. The wifi is shotty but at least the bathroom is clean.", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': 'Inexpensive, and sometimes even free, tickets to places like Boston, Washington D.C., Philly, etc.Comfy new double-decker buses with free Wifi.Lots better than the older bus companies.', 'stars': '3.0'}
{'review': 'NEVER have I been more disappointed with a company than I was today. I was supposed to take a 6:30 PM bus from NYC to Baltimore, MD today (4/1/2012). Let me emphasize again, SIX THIRTY.The bus never showed and it was a noticeable trend that all buses were arriving and departing late. By the time MegaBus managed to find a bus for Baltimore, it was 7:30, a full HOUR after my bus was supposed to depart. 6:30 passengers got to see 7 PM passengers board ahead of us and on the same bus as us. Totally ridiculous. NOT ONLY was this bus late, but it was raining and bitterly cold and all passengers had to wait outside in the rain while employees waited under a huge overhang that could have easily fit the people waiting. So in the end, all 6:30 passengers were waiting in the rain for at least an hour (most of us for 2-1.5 hours because we were responsible and showed up ahead of time).I can only say that this was the worst trip ever and I will be taking other bus companies for my trips from now on.', 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "Horrible service \xa0, never on time, it's like a refugee camp waiting for the bus. Lines are nuts and it's way worse than bolt bus.", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "This review is for megabus' service to/from Binghamton which is actually run by Coach/Shortline.This is the one line run out of Port Authority so on the NY end you're gonna wanna get there extra early for several reasons. 1- Port Authority is large and confusing. 2- You need to go to the Shortline ticket counter and exchange your reservation number for a paper ticket. 3- You've gotta get on line early if you want to sit in an actual seat for your journey. (My journey was a friday midday.)Its true. I arrived about a half hour before departure and the line was already long. The last passenger on the bus realized there was no seat for her at about the same moment the bus was pulling out of the station and she sat on the bus floor in front of the bathroom all the way to the first stop. Even if the bus driver had been able to count up to the number of seats, the over booked passengers are SOL from what I gather and this is unacceptable. You buy a seat, you should get a freaking seat, Megabus!That said, if you are lucky enough to get one, the buses and seats are new-looking and perfectly pleasant. No outlet but yes internet.Binghamton to NY, even on a sunday evening was only half full. No mad scramble at boarding. Albeit this was during the summer, and not when the college is in session.", 'stars': '2.0'}
{'review': "First time taking it and to Providence, Rhode Island. \xa0They were doing a promo and it cost me only the 50 cent fee round trip. \xa0I expected some rickety bus and was quite surprised. \xa0Pick up changed to 34th Street between 11th and 12th, just across from the Jacob Javits Center. \xa0Only problem is no shelter and it was totally cold! \xa0Seats were comfy more like airline seats that bus seats. Had a pretty decent recline, better than some airlines reclines that didn't even feel as if the seat moved. \xa0Surprised to see seat belts although bus drivers never commented about using them. \xa0I didn't need use of a computer but noticed that there was free wi-fi and plugs. Hey if you're on a long trip, you can bring a gadget and watch a movie. Bus didn't feel like a regular fueled one. I'm going to check it out. \xa0Felt like it was part electric. \xa0No overheard for luggage but there is an area and it's not like sticking it under the bus. \xa0Coming home the stop was at 28th Street and 7th Avenue. \xa0Couldn't really tell about the area as it was dark and raining but much easier to grab a cab than if it went back to 34th Street. The signage on 34th street is quite good as you can see which line is for which destination.", 'stars': '3.0'}
{'review': "I live and work in NYC, and I have traveled all over the world many times. \xa0I've been blessed with success in my career, yet why piss away money when one has great options that are more affordable...such as...MEGABUS! \xa0 \xa0Even my friends who are Tony Winning writers use Megabus. \xa0Megabus in the BEST! \xa0Do not use Greyhound--Greyhound sucks! \xa0I used to use Greyhound, and the Greyhound staff is gross and uncaring at Greyhound, and they cram you on the buses...after long delays during which they don't tell you anything about why there is a delay, and they don't apologize or anything. \xa0It was DREADFUL!Megabus always leaves right on time (and most often arrives at least a few minutes early). \xa0Nice and super friendly staff and drivers! \xa0Very clean buses (with spotless bathrooms) which all have free wifi, airconditioner and light and electricity for every seat! \xa0Also nice roomy seats that recline nicely. \xa0I much prefer Megabus to flying. \xa0I can sit, read, work on my laptop, snooze. \xa0The entire trip is my time to do as I wish, and I don't have to stand in long lines for security and delays at the boarding gates at those stuffy airports. \xa0 \xa0I use Megabus every chance I get. \xa0Go for it, you will be glad you did!", 'stars': '5.0'}
{'review': "Our trip from Philadelphia to NYC yesterday morning was pretty much perfect...left on time, arrived on time. \xa0Very efficient.. \xa0 verging on 5 stars!The trip back, however, was horrible. \xa0Let's start with having to wait outside in line for almost an hour (thank goodness it was not raining, snowing, or freezing!) The lines for the different destinations were not easily marked,and confusion reigned. The bus arrived late, took forever to load, and we left about a half hour late. \xa0Then, within 10 minutes on the turnpike, the driver, without explanation, pulled off at a rest stop, did not open the doors, had us wait 5 minutes and then pulled out again. \xa0We then made another stop, again without warning, at 6th and Market Streets in Philadelphia. A handful of riders got off, and we had to wait while their bags were found in the luggage hold of the bus. \xa0We arrived 45 minutes late to 30th street station and had to sit and wait another 5 minutes while we waited for another \xa0Mega bus to unload its passengers before ours could pull over. \xa0I can't imagine that I will try this again.", 'stars': '2.0'}
{'review': 'I took this bus over thanksgiving because Bolt Bus was sold out. They were cheaper than Bolt and they pick up on 9th Ave instead of 7th, which I thought was a good idea, but the experience as a whole was horrible.The bus itself has no overhead storage, so it gets very cramped. Free wifi? There isn\'t even enough bandwidth to check email. My bus got in an accident (we hit a parked car) and we were waiting for 3 hours on the side of the road waiting for a new bus while our driver kept giggling like an idiot and saying "it\'s on the way." I\'ve called megabus a few times over the past month trying to get someone in customer service so I can ask for my money back, but they keep taking my number and not calling me back. How can you run a business like that? I\'m never taking megabus again.', 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': 'I have a love-hate relationship with Megabus, which veers sharply towards hate. \xa0I only take Megabus when I can\'t get a seat on Bolt Bus. \xa0At the end of the day, I\'m not going to pay the extra money for a train, so Megabus\'s low cost trumps all the quality issues.But, seriously folks, could they make it any more obvious that they don\'t care about the customer experience? \xa0The people they employ to run the bus stops have no training whatsoever to handle large crowds. \xa0There is no attempt to communicate relevant information about late buses or where overflow lines should be. \xa0When the crowds get big, they barely make a half-hearted attempt to ensure that the people who\'ve been waiting the longest are the first to get on the next available bus. \xa0And the whole time, they treat you like you\'re the problem. \xa0If you call customer service, you get stonewalled.My wife and I call it "Megabust", and it makes us feel better. \xa0At the end of the day, we still use it from time to time, and we try to stay calm during the experience. \xa0Fool me once, shame on you, fool me twice....', 'stars': '2.0'}
{'review': 'I recently took a trip down to NY Via Megabus From Boston. I booked my round trip for this adventure less then a week before so i was surprised *good surprised* that it was a little less then $40. I left Boston on Sat. I arrived to a semi line 20 minutes before my bus, not so bad as i strive to get there as early as i can for that prime seat location. Bus was on time and the attendant let me use my hand written res # instead of my phone conf because of my phones inability to adjust to the 4G in South Station. She didn\'t even give me a smirk or a hard time, which was comforting. My outlet was working fine. Wifi is what I\'d like to call a Wifi nightmare and i honestly never have gotten a strong enough signal from mega bus to use their wifi. Bus was about 30 minutes late at arriving in NYC. Which was fine since we had stopped to change drivers and then, oh yeah, NYC lovely Saturday night traffic. The bus back however, was what I\'d like to review the most. First off, I\'d like to say, I took the bus back on Patriots day, Marathon day, the day of the Boston Marathon Bombing. My bus was at 12:10pm to arrive in Boston at 4:25pm. However before all that it was just a normal beautiful day in NYC Shleping to Megabuses, oh yeah, NEW location yet again. *anyone know if they\'ll ever find a home for their Bus stop?* The bus was late, i noticed this as it was 12:20pm and i was still near a fence packed with people waiting to go on the bus. I\'ll admit i arrived late, so this time was near the end of the line so perhaps i didn\'t hear the 12:10 "the bus will be late" announcement. Around 12:30 we were told by a man standing up on a cement sign block that the bus was uptown refueling and getting a bus wash and he did not know when the bus was due to arrive but in 20 mins will inform us of an update. Sure enough the bus arrived in between that time, looking all slick with water droplets, had me convinced. So as you know a late bus means a late arrival time, I thought to myself "great, not only are we going to arrive during rush hour on a holiday in Boston, can\'t wait to be on a bus forever stuck in traffic" The bus was packed, every seat taken as the next bus *the 1:10pm" was already arriving late. eh, yay bus rides.During the bus ride is when my phone started going crazy with texts and Face book msgs about what had happened at the marathon. Everyone found out about the same time and thus news filtered in more and more the closer we got to Boston. That time was filled with rumors of what had happened, what was going on in the city but no confirmation of what Boston\'s south station was doing. Nor did we find out from the driver. As he never announced that even anything was happening in Boston. Even as we got closer to Boston starting in Natick that cops, state troopers trucks and so on were speeding passed us until we hit south station. However i guess it didn\'t matter and I\'m not one to complain since we were safe, we got in with no traffic and the bus arrived the time it would have if it left from the time it had. I\'m glad to say that other then the horrible tragedy that took place that day, the Megabus experience was about average. My outlet worked, Wifi signal stank, but it was there, my seat mate was pleasant company and we arrived safely. which in the end is the most important. I will give Megabus a solid 4 stars, it\'s a bus, it sucks being on for hours but how else will you get to where your going for so cheap. I\'ve had varied experiences using Megabus, but if you know their rules and follow them, arrive early for unplanned events, that is most likely not their fault and has nothing to do with their employees, it\'s an average good experience. so pack your bags, grab your headphones and go on an adventure. oh, and go to the bathroom before, sorry, but bus bathrooms are gross no matter what company your using. Megabuses cheap fares and their ever expanding services are something to look forward to for whoever you are. if you book in advance you can get a great deal at a great time for you.', 'stars': '4.0'}
{'review': 'I wish I could give this business a negative star, but I can\'t. So I\'ll settle for one.I do not care how cheap you are - Megabus\'s service sucks with all the capitals and exclamation points and alluded expletives involved.Our driver felt the need to stop after a block and tell us she had mints, water and even an apple pie for us if we needed anything. Very nice, but I don\'t understand why you needed to stop the bus after it left the point of origin. Ok.Next, she promptly got the bus involved in an accident, not even two blocks away from where we got on. She didn\'t even bother to let the passengers know what was going on until people started yelling "what\'s going on!" We then found out that a car ran into the bus and apparently was scratched and the driver of the car wanted the police to come. So, instead of finding out if we can get onto another bus, the driver is like "if you want to leave, you can leave, you just have to give us your name and number so we can call you if we need a witness." WTF? You get into an accident, you don\'t tell us you got into an accident until 40 mins later and then you don\'t even offer an alternative solution to our predicament? Anyways, we finally get moving another 20 mins later and promptly get stuck in traffic. Not the driver, or the company\'s fault - it\'s just now rush hour is in full swing.We finally get up to Harlem and the driver gets lost. She can\'t find Madison Avenue. Why can\'t she find Madison Avenue? Because she\'s too busy yakking to dispatch about an accident in Connecticut (which we have yet to even glimpse) instead of paying attention to the road. So another hour and a half wasted in Manhattan.Next, we almost get into another accident going on to the ramp to the Cross Bronx, but it was the other drivers fault. We were still a little frightened.The worst part was that their customer service was non-existent. Apparently, if everyone on the bus doesn\'t complain about their experience (and everyone was pissed) they won\'t lift a finger to do anything. Screw the money - just an apology would be nice. But god forbid customer service enters into a service industry!So all of the above and some more contributed to my vehement and possibly virulent feelings towards Megabus and its employees.I think it\'s reprehensible to let money-grubbing get in the way of simple service and that they provide unqualified drivers on routes that need people who know what they are doing. I don\'t care if you give us mints and pie; just get us to our destination on time. Not 3 hours later.', 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': 'You gotta appreciate a "luxury" style bus for the low cost and 4 hour ride from NY to DC. I just don\'t appreciate the baggage allowances. I have taken Megabus only one other time, about a year and half ago. I just happen to read the terms and conditions at the last minute, before I was leaving and saw that passengers are only allowed one checked bag and SMALL carry on. I ended up having to empty my duffel bag into my rolling suit case. The guy loading bags tried to scold me about having a heavier bag. And I told him I didn\'t know about the baggage allowance until the last minute. One of the other workers came over and was nice about the whole situation and only charged me $10 for excessive baggage (without the attitude).This trip was give and take. The bus was late, however Megabus was accommodating and practiced good customer service to other transferring passengers inconvenience by their scheduling. However they made me late, and my ride was waiting for me... \xa0  Pluses for Megabus: -Legroom -Personal climate control \xa0 -Reclining comfortable seats-OutletsMinuses-Wifi iffy -Baggage allowance-Late bus', 'stars': '3.0'}
{'review': "Mega disaster. I took megabus from Syracuse, NY to NYC. It was OVER FOUR HOURS LATE. The bus ride itself was supposed to be 4.5 hours. Ridunculous. They said they were delayed at the border because that route comes from Toronto. That may be so, but they should have contacted me or sent another bus, or given me a free ride. As of ride now, I'm still trying to get them to answer emails about a discount or reimbursement. My suggestion: Don't take this bus North to South, ever.", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': 'So okay... as Mega Bus do have really cheap fares we did try this company again (and again). \xa0So my update is, after the NY - Boston and then the Boston - NY leg, the bus and driver were great and they were very punctual. \xa0We are converted and will ride mega bus again!', 'stars': '4.0'}
{'review': "I read some reviews for Megabus, and I was pretty scared to take my trip from NYC to Boston. \xa0My experience was far from most of these reviews.I got to 31st and 8th an hour before my bus was supposed to arrive (I booked the 7:10 bus). \xa0The line was very disorganized, but the people waiting in line were friendly and eager to answer my questions about where I was supposed to stand. \xa0I finally found the crazy Boston line, where most people were still waiting for the 6:10 bus. \xa0That bus finally arrived, 40 minutes late, and since there were extra seats open, they let me onto that bus instead of the 7:10 one, which may have been just as late.Although the Wifi was very temperamental, the ride was very comfortable, quiet, and way, way better than I expected. \xa0I got to Boston earlier than anticipated, which is always a plus for me.The return ride from Boston to NYC was even better. \xa0It was right on time, and there was barely anyone on the bus, so I had the whole seat to myself. \xa0Again, the Wifi didn't work so well, but I just listened to music the whole time anyway.The whole trip cost me $26.50. I'd totally recommend this service to my friends.", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "I've been on school buses, military transports, team buses, ski trip buses, prison buses, Hampton Jitney, \xa0short buses and now Mega bus. All I can say is, there's usually no upside to being on a bus. Though I do like the NYC Bus system. Usually because I'm going somewhere fun and off of my beaten path.  It's just not an easy scene. You're lucky if you're a reader on a bus. Or like a dog that likes to look out the window and everything's amazing. That helps.", 'stars': '4.0'}
{'review': 'In my first trip with Megabus I was sorely disappointed. \xa0I\'ve ridden Bolt Bus innumerable times, and have also traveled on Bieber buses many times; with both companies you can expect to leave on time (or at least within 15 minutes) and arrive on time (barring random road accidents or out-of-the-ordinary traffic). \xa0Both Bolt and Megabus charge similar fares and have similar schedules (although Bolt has more trips, especially in the early/late hours). \xa0My Megabus departed from Philadelphia over an hour late (Sunday, scheduled departure 5pm). \xa0During this time, we witnessed every other Megabus also arriving late; I got in line at 4:45 and watched the 3:00 and 4:00 buses board before the 5:00 bus left).The trip itself was also uncomfortable. \xa0We were put onto a regular CoachUSA bus rather than the blue Megabus, which meant that we didn\'t have power outlets or wifi like we should have.Second, the driver kept the dashboard navigation on speaker mode (on what I can only assume is the loudest possible setting) so the first ten rows of passengers kept exchanging "wtf" glances at each other as we heard commands every five seconds ("in 300 feet, turn right" and "continue on 30th street" etc). \xa0This annoyance lasted for about 30 minutes and was really disruptive when you want to just sleep or relax or be able to hear your own music.Third, the driver was texting (!!!) during two different time periods while we were on the small highways leading out of Philly (for a total of about 5 minutes). \xa0Quite a few passengers snapped phone pictures of him in the act because it was so incredibly egregious. There were no apologies for the late departure or arrival. \xa0The only reason I booked this trip was that the Bolt tickets were all sold out, and in the future I\'ll certainly only resort to using Megabus out of desperation.', 'stars': '2.0'}
{'review': "Made the mistake of taking Megabus instead of Boltbus because I wanted to say in New York for a couple of more hours. The bus got there only ten minutes later, but they started cleaning the bus after it pulled up to the stop... The employee was very rude, your typical ghetto trash that is better off working at a McDonald's. Moreover, the bus was going to stop in PHILADELPHIA first before it went on to DC. How about instead of using a double decker, employ two smaller buses and send one to Philly and th other to DC?More importantly, the bus was overbooked and two people were left out in the cold at 2AM - one of them was a woman who was crying for help and the employees didn't give a damn. Again, your typical ghetto trash, looks like everyone who liked the bus seems to be that type.", 'stars': '2.0'}
{'review': 'I\'ll make a disclaimer: I have had acceptable experiences with Megabus (typically Boston to NYC), however, I\'ve had a couple that have been so awful (including the one I\'m in the middle of right now that I\'m sticking to Boltbus from now on.So I\'m moving back to Boston after spending a summer in NY. I have a large, heavy suitcase - but keep in mind, it\'s the exact same size/approximate weight as when I moved to NYC..via Megabus. So imagine my surprise when upon giving the guy loading the luggage a heads up that it\'s heavy, he tells me (extremely rudely) "this is definitely over 50 pounds. You can\'t take it." Um, what?? It\'s then explained to me as if I\'m an idiot "policy" says that they won\'t carry luggage over 50 pounds. Do you know where this policy exists on their website? NOWHERE. There are luggage "guidelines" that recommend that luggage be under 50 pounds, but there is NO mention that they will just refuse to take it if it\'s a few pounds over. I asked how long this policy had been in place, since I had no problem bringing this bag from Boston, and explained this to the employee. He responded (again, very rudely) "well, it\'s at my discretion. And I say that he (luggage guy) shouldn\'t be lifting over 50 pounds". Um, SERIOUSLY? I\'m a freaking 120 pound girl and I managed to haul the thing up and down 4 flights of stairs this summer. I\'m pretty sure the guy can throw the thing 2 feet up into a bus. If it was over 50 pounds, it was barely that, and it\'s a standard sized suitcase so it\'s not a question of size. The exchange finally ends with the employee calling over another employee, who says that it\'s fine, but it\'s going to be a $20 charge. NONE OF THIS IS ANYWHERE in the Megabus terms or on their website. Basically, they just made it up on the spot. SO SHADY. \xa0At that point it was either pay or sleep on the streets of NY tonight, so I had no choice but to pay the fee and get on the bus. All 3 employees were INCREDIBLY rude throughout. It was absolutely infuriating. But THEN to put the icing on the cake...fast forward a couple hours. My bus has now been sitting on the side of the road for an hour and a half. \xa0There is currently no air conditioning. There has been no update on what\'s going on or when we can potentially expect to leave. The only saving grace of this trip is that for the first time the internet works well enough that I can connect and write this review.Never, ever again.', 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': 'Of the many options to get from NYC to Boston, I chose mega bus for it\'s alleged free wifi, power outlets, low fares and decent service. \xa0The bus left 40 minutes late, the wifi was not working despite the cheerful and obnoxiously loud video explaining how to use it, and the power outlets were dead. \xa0As for the service, the driver was on a mega power trip from the moment she stepped off the bus. \xa0She\'d do well to remember that her passengers are also customers without whom she\'d be lacking a job. \xa0Several passengers attempted to board each with a large suitcase and small rolling "carry on," most of which were smaller than my backpack. \xa0The driver insisted that anything with wheels, no matter how small, counts as "luggage" - and that they\'d each have to pay an extra $40 fare for the extra item of luggage. \xa0She told them they should have read the paperwork they signed (nobody signed any paperwork - perhaps she meant the fine print). \xa0I offered to take possession of one of these "luggage" items and put it on the bus as my own, but the driver said that is prohibited. \xa0Ultimately, in disgust, these passengers opted to find alternate transportation to Boston, likely for less than the $40 extra "luggage" fee. \xa0Good for them, bad for mega bus.Needless to say, next time I will be trying a different transportation option, ideally one which treats customers with dignity and respect, and which provides the services advertised.', 'stars': '2.0'}
{'review': "Cannot really complain. \xa0This bus service is cheap beyond belief, and quite reliable. \xa0I made the trip to Boston and back twice. \xa0The trip from NY to Boston was smooth both times. \xa0During the trip back to NYC, we experienced some traffic, but it was reasonable considering the time of year. \xa0My main complaints were that the electrical outlets don't work universally, and I didn't want to have to ask the guy in front of me (who was fully reclined the whole time) if he'd mind me using his power outlet. Wi-fi is also a joke.", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "It's really hard to give a business a good review when I can clearly see so many other people have had bad experiences with them. With that in mind I've taken at least half a dozen round trips with megabus and never had a bad experience. The closest I had to a bad experience was twice the drop off area for the bus changed (once in NYC and once in Hartford) from where the normal spot was and I felt blindsided by the change. This is something that I probably could have seen on their website had I not just assumed the drop off spot would remain constant. The only other complaint is that they stopped having service to Hartford, sad considering the Hartford bus was always the Boston bus and they just stopped along the way, I don't know why it was an issue to continue to do that. My parents live just outside Worcester, Mass and there isn't any reasonable public transportation options from NYC to Worcester. I'm forced to pretty much take a bus to one of the capital cities that are around an hour away (Boston, Hartford, or Providence). Boston is pretty much out because I have to go past their house by an hour and then when I get a ride to their house I have to backtrack an hour (2 extra pointless hours in a vehicle). Now that Megabus doesn't go to Hartford I can still go to Providence, RI. Tickets to Providence can be as cheap as $1 but are typically $5!!! These kind of deals aren't uncommon with Megabus in a number of the routes they take (especially if you order far in advance). In contrast the same ride on an identical Greyhound/Peter Pan Bus is $22. The timing is the same, the Megabuses are just as clean if not cleaner and the pick-up/drop-off areas are never in shady or ghetto areas. For a more typical comparison, the ride to Boston is $25 from Greyhound and $18 from Megabus. I've never had any issues with the ride quality, timing, or bus drivers in the dozen or so rides I've had with them so until I have some horrific experience this is definitely my go-to mode of transportation out of the city.", 'stars': '4.0'}
{'review': "Horrible experience. The bus was supposed to leave at 2:40 and it didn't leave till 3:30. It was raining so hard, there is nothing around the nyc location and no one could explain us \xa0what was wrong with the bus and why it was late!!!", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': 'Pretty cheap bus fare from Boston to NY.Pretty comfortable seats.Left on time (for a change).Got us to our destinations with minutes to spare!I will definitely consider MegaBus next time I need to travel.', 'stars': '4.0'}
{'review': "Here's the letter I wrote to customer service:Dear Customer Service, I am currently riding the Mega Bus from DC to NYC. The driver started off the trip with a verbal threat to the group. The intercom is broken so he had to yell it on both floors. On the ride to DC, the electrical outlet was not functioning. On this bus to NYC, the seatbelt is not functioning. There is only one electrical outlet for every two passengers and it hangs from the ceiling making it impossible to plug in without bothering the person next to you. This is my second time riding Mega Bus (I usually take the Bolt). The irony is that my first experience riding Mega Bus was even worse than this one. I travel via Bus at least 4 times a month round trip. On Average that's 200 dollars a month that Mega Bus will never make again. This method of doing business is not sustainable. Gary", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "It is 442pm and the 3pm bus has yet to board. They are replacing 3:30 bus goers onto our 430 bus...however many they can fill. \xa0Atrocious. People have asked for updates and they either don't answer or have not a clue...the line is about to loop all the way back to the front entrance. I don't know why i was willing to save a few dollars again when Megabus is this horrible. Never again. Spend the extra to take the other buses...", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "TRIP FROM NYC TO HARTFORDThe bus driver had great personality and drove with no problem. It was rainy the day of my trip so we went through a bit of a hassle with the bus fender. What was supposed to take 2 hours 40 took 4 hours but i'm not the anal type. The driver handled the situation best he couldBus arrived on time and it was a near painless process through my whole trip. Not bad for the first time. I'll try it again definately!", 'stars': '4.0'}
{'review': "I wish I could give 0 stars. They are always late, so unorganized, no wifi, and they don't take cancellations on trips. If you are going to the Boston area take the GoBus", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "I've taken Mega bus on May 20 Friday from Pittsburgh to NYC.About 2 hrs after departing from Pittsburgh, Bus broke down on the road, driver pulled over, and had to wait for another bus to come.Everybody ended up waiting 2 and a half hours--we were 2 hrs away from Pittsburgh.Finally the bus came but it wasn't the same one. Not enough seat for everyone. Thus some people had to wait for the second bus--what the hell.Pittsburgh to NYC is about 8hrs ride including rest stops and etc. However, with all this happening it took freaking 12 HOURS, yes TWELVE HOURS", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': 'So far so good... Am riding on megabus as you read right now.The bus was easy to find, the check in process organized, and the bus hit the road at 7:33am.Bonus- no eating on the busWill be back to update when I arrive in Boston.', 'stars': '4.0'}
{'review': "If you want to get there cheap, and don't care when you arrive, this is for you. I travel for business between Rhode Island and Providence every weekend. I was looking for a cheaper alternative then Amtrak but spend the extra money and ride is style.", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "We took a trip from Baltimore to NYC and back on Megabus. The trip up was fine. We arrived early and they let us onto the earlier bus. Only issue on the way up was the wifi and power onboard were not working.The trip back was different. After waiting for 60 minutes in 20º snow, multiple people around us began calling in. We received stories like the bus had mechanical issues, or that there was bad weather or traffic congestion. One person was even told that our bus had already arrived and departed on time, which my frozen toes could attest to otherwise. After an hour and a half, we called again and were told that we could board a later bus at our convenience, show, them our ref number and pay $5. Seriously? \xa0We got in a cab to go back to the city and warm up. We got around the corner and saw our bus! We had him go back around the block and we got back in line. Another hour later ( 2 hours late at this point! ) the bus finally rounded the corner and we boarded.I'm writing this from the bus. I can't feel my toes. The power works. Still no WiFi.", 'stars': '2.0'}
{'review': "After reading the many \xa0BAD reviews about Megabus \xa0I was very nervous about using there service. But i decided i would \xa0give it a go from New York \xa0to Philly. First, I will say the \xa0departure location in NYC is not \xa0good. \xa0 It is a \xa0looonnnng walk from \xa0the trains and Penn Station.Once i arrived to the departure location everything \xa0went extremely well. \xa0The bus was on time. I sat on the upper deck. \xa0The bus was clean. I did not encounter any odd or bad smells on the bus. I was able to recharge my phone with no issues. And the biggest shocker was we arrived at the 30th street train station early!On the way back. \xa0The \xa0bus was about 15-20 minutes late. \xa0I sat on the upper deck again and no bad smells again. \xa0The bus driver informed everyone that \xa0there was going to be one stop to change drivers. And the driver give us a time on which the bus would \xa0arrive in NYC. The ride went well and \xa0SURPRISE.... The bus arrived in NYC at the time the bus driver told everyone. Another bus trip from \xa0NYC to Philly using Megabus I would \xa0do again \xa0but anything farther away.. I don't \xa0know.", 'stars': '4.0'}
{'review': 'Terrible horrible unethical business practice. Purchased a bus ticket online in error and called them immediately to have transaction canceled. They refused to refund the purchase, give a credit or even change the reservation. Ridiculous and shameful thievery.', 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': 'I debated between one and two stars. \xa0I travel between New York and Boston about every other week and have been doing so for the past four months. \xa0Prior to that, I was traveling about once a month. \xa0Because of their wifi, outlets, and cheap prices I\'d been using Megabus regularly, but service has been going downhill fast. \xa0About 1/3 of the time the outlets and/or wifi don\'t work. \xa0On the NYC end, boarding is complete chaos and buses seem to be leaving later and later.The final straw, however, came over Labor Day weekend. \xa0I realize that this was a holiday and there were a lot of travelers, but as I was in line to board, one of the employees came and asked some of us to get on another, non-double-decker bus. \xa0No one volunteered. \xa0As we got closer to the front, we were again implored to get on the other bus, being told that there were plenty of seats.Of course there weren\'t.As I sat down, I realized that this bus had no outlets. \xa0I went and asked about wifi. \xa0No dice. \xa0I asked if I could get on the other bus, since I use Megabus specifically for the wifi and would have gone with a different company had I known that there wasn\'t any.A simple, "sorry, no" would have sufficed. \xa0Instead I was screamed at as though my question was unreasonable. \xa0When I said that if they\'re putting customers on a bus that does not have the advertised services, customers should be told ahead of time, the employee yelled "no they shouldn\'t."It\'s the rudeness that got to me more than the chaos, but both don\'t speak well of Megabus.', 'stars': '2.0'}
{'review': "Do everything in your power to avoid and use Bolt or Vamoose instead. I guarantee they will arrive late if you have a bus departing after work. I had a 6pm bus- they got there an HOUR late. Another time it was 45 minutes late. Apparently they don't account for rush hour and you will be waiting out in the freezing cold on 11th Ave with not even a CVS in sight to keep you warm.This is the kicker- I bought my fiance and I 2 tickets for $60 for a trip from NYC to Baltimore and I had to cancel 3 hours short of their 24 hour allowance due to a unplanned family emergency. The customer service number doesn't have the capability to reimburse you so I had to email corporate. Three weeks later I finally heard back asking for documentation. Documentation?! Okay...so I guess I'm not even getting a credit for the tickets. Moral of the story : they don't sell out because they are awful. So book early with a more reliable company.", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "I'm very happy Megabus ended its partnership with Eastern Travels. It definitely saves me the trouble of having to skip over all the red bus icons on the site when I book my tickets. I was on Megabus again last weekend. Even though the bus was 30 minutes late arriving for the pick-up from Manhattan and there was heavy traffic leaving the city, we made up the time on the road and got to Baltimore in the usual 3-1/2 hours.Minus 1 star for the unreliable wi-fi. It was almost non-existent on my last two trips.", 'stars': '4.0'}
{'review': "Boston South Station to NY 7th & 28th route.I took this bus because the times I needed for my regular service, Boltbus, was full. Megabus was a huge disappointment; actually, it was probably the worst service I've had for public transportation, and that's really saying something. The bus was scheduled to arrive in NY 4 hours. With traffic, a bus that my friend was on from a different service, 15 minutes later, arrived in 5 hours. But my megabus? 7.5 HOURS. 3.5 HOURS LATE, with a driver change that for some reason took 10 minutes (how hard is it to sit in front of a wheel?). The bus did not even have wifi as advertised. Top that off with being dropped off in the pouring rain on the WRONG STREET. Never, ever take this bus service.", 'stars': '4.0'}
{'review': 'WORST CUSTOMER SERVICE to deal withthey canceled both my trips due to weather and they promised refunds.they didnt. \xa0so i called and waited 20 minutes on the phone. \xa0they promised a refund again.NO REFUND. \xa0so i called AGAIN a month later and waited another 20 minutes on the phone. \xa0they ensured a refund this time because the person before didnt process the refund but this time they processed it.NO REFUND. \xa0so i called AGAIN a month later and the same rep gave me the exact same story "the person before didnt process the refund, blah blah blah." \xa0that person was her!!my canceled trips in february were finally refunded in may, after several phone calls and after i requested confirmation numbers, supervisor names, and the customer service rep name', 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': 'Friendly people, very organized. Non-stop to DC from NYC for Thanksgiving weekend. Arrived an hour ahead of departure time. So far, a great ride.', 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': 'OMG this was pretty bad Going and Coming Home Besides Wi fi not working the driver was snotty and threw me and my wives bag in the trunk area really damn hard, the chair i had the cushion was so worn down and there was also a leak in the top front of the bus and it was raining so my jacket and carry on got a little wet. Both trips i reached my destination about a hour and half late! Coming home from midnight to 5am The driver let on 3 drunk guys that were clearly staggering around and causing commotion also were still DRINKING!. Was pretty crappy experience the people on the street who worked for mega bus were so rude and seemed to hate customers asking simple questions.... NEVER AGAIN!!!', 'stars': '4.0'}
{'review': "I decided to give MB a whirl again for my latest trip from NYC to Boston. I'm impartial about the NYC location change to 33rd and 9th. My bus was at 10:10am and quite manageable, but I can only imagine what the scene is like on a Friday night. However, it looks like MB has some work to do in Boston. Upon arrival, we had to circle 4 times because there was a bus that was loading. I didn't really mind because we arrived about 20 minutes early and was not in a rush. As soon as our bus pulled in, there were 3 other MBs that arrived and had to do the same thing. I cannot believe that MB only has one slip at South Station, compared to all of the other bus companies that operate out of there. There is also only one person who is working at the gate and no one around to assist with luggage, which led to a big free-for-all (the bus driver sure as hell wasn't interested in helping out). I arrived for a 3pm bus on Sunday and it was a shit show (to put it lightly). The 2:30 bus was twice overbooked, so everyone was put on the 3pm bus. Fortunately, I arrived an hour early and was able to grab one of the remaining seats. I really don't understand how a company of this size cannot track bookings and stop purchases once all of the seats for a particular time slot are filled. Its a shame how things have digressed since my last trip on MB less than a year ago. I cannot tell whether MB has either gotten too big and cannot cope or has just given up and decided to settle on mediocrity. Needless to say, I will be pursuing other options for my next bus trip from NYC to Boston.", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': 'Megabus is what it is. For the price, you can\'t beat it. One thing I value the most is the "Professional Driver" part of what they offer. Despite what I hear in these yelps about timeliness of megabus, and wifi and plugs in all these yelps, these drivers are VERY good drivers and do get you from point A to Point B in one piece. Megabus is the only company behind Bolt (which IS Greyhound) that has a zero tolerance policy when it come to safety-related issues which could have been avoided by driver oversight, So you can be thankful that, even though your bus to Pittsburg from New York was delayed by an hour, the wifi didn\'t work, the bathroom had an awful stench, and your knees were bleeding from the lack of legroom, you arrived there SAFELY. \xa0Have you heard of one accident related to Megabus? No. I put my trust in Megabus as I know each and every time they will get me to my chosen destination safely. One fact you should know, is that every long-distance bus that goes at night (over 9 hours) has a second driver.Respect megabus. They not only do what they do to keep fares as low as humanly possible, they provide customers Professional (while this has some to do with customer service, I\'m talking operation of the bus by the driver you entrust your life to), english-speaking, well-trained drivers who fully know what they\'re doing when they operate the megabus you\'re on. Cut them some slack.I am on the last leg of my megabus round trip from Orlando, Florida, and I must say my experience was very positive. I managed to get each leg of my trip (11 legs) for a total reservation fee of $0.50 using the promo code "GOFREE". My connections weren\'t always close together to get the free tickets, but I managed to get by. I was scheduled to leave Boston, MA to Washington, Dc on January 4th at 8:15 in the morning, and that bus was on time, but left a couple of minutes late. Several hours later, we were in Secaucus, NJ for a driver change and a smoke/stretch-your-legs-break, and it was an on time arrival into Washington, DC at 6:30pm. My connecting bus in DC wasn\'t until the next morning at 9:45am, but there were about 7 seats left on the evening bus to Knoxville, Tennessee that the driver just let me on by paying the $5 change fee. The trip to Knoxville from Washington, DC was about 8 hours, but Megabus still provided two drivers for the trip. There was one stop in Christiansburg, WV, and then Knoxville, which we arrived ahead of schedule according to a couple of people on the bus.My bus leaving Knoxville, wasn\'t until the next morning, and I wanted to explore Knoxville anyway, so I did that and got a hotel in Knoxville, and made my way by public transit from the hotel to the Knoxville Transit Center where my 6:30am bus was sitting there patiently waiting passenger\'s arrival. There was 6 other people on the bus in Knoxville when we arrived at the intermediate stop of Chattanooga, TN where we picked up 8 more and got in to Atlanta, GA right on time at 10:40am. The megabus stop in Atlanta is the Civic Center Marta station, and is very conveinently located. There\'s a Jimmy John\'s and an awesome Gyro one block away from the megabus stop.My bus for Orlando was scheduled for 2pm, but didn\'t arrive till 2:15, and wasn\'t an actual megabus, but an American Coach bus because they didn\'t yet have enough equipment changed over in the Atlanta market. The bus didn\'t have wifi or power outlets, but the bus operator was very nice, and took our scoffs about that in stride. A few hours later, we stopped at a Love\'s Truck Stop in Tifton, GA (They accept Food Stamps!!! woo hoo for me!!!) where we spent just under 45 minutes for lunch, then headed back en-route to Orlando via Gainesville, Fl. We arrived in Gainesville almost 30 minutes early, and left 10 minutes late because the bus\'s air pressure was low (not broken, low. It happens in a commercial vehicle, and is easily fixed by fast idling for a few minutes). Just under three hours later the megabus was parked in Orlando, FL.My return trip took me through Orlando/Gainesville- Atlanta, Atlanta-Charlotte, Charlotte/Raleigh/Duram- Washington, DC, Washington, DC- New York, and New York-Boston.For the most part, the trip went very well, with no problems, except that the Charlotte/DC bus was 20 minutes late, although that didn\'t bother me. Right now I\'m on the DC/New York bus, and I have a transfer in Nyc for the bus to Boston.I\'ve taken the same ride on Greyhound that I just took on Megabus, and I must say, had I did the transfers just right, and not took (on purpose) some overnight layovers, Megabus is by far a better ride than Greyhound, and it certainly beats the I-95 Express and Ming An Bus from china town NYC to Orlando.I rate megabus with 5 stars because they provide professional drivers, and don\'t cut corners on safety.', 'stars': '5.0'}
{'review': 'I am writing this review as I sit on MegBus from DC to NY. \xa0I\'ve traveled with this company on two other occasions and this is the last straw. I don\'t care how cheap they are, they\'ve gotta go!The first time I traveled, was leaving mid-Friday before July 4 weekend to DC. \xa0Bus was late, traffic was bad, but the driver honestly tried. He updated us when we started looking restless. We did get off the highway for about 30 minutes to get a relief driver. So instead of a 4.5 hour ride, it turned into 6. It\'s a holiday weekend and my safety in getting to my destination is well worth the 30 minute wait. Trip 2 - mid-Friday on a regular weekend/no holidays. Bus is 45 minutes late in picking is up. It is sweltering outside and they put up a "fancy" gate that does nothing but block the wind. Great. \xa0Finally we get on bus. Driver is going pretty slow for the highway, but again, safety first (then teamwork). \xa0Again, arrive at destination a full hour and a half late!!! \xa0Starting to get a little pissed...Trip 3 (currently traveling, may have to update when I get back home) - \xa0bus late, again. Standing in molten-lava spewing sun rays, no updates as to when bus will board. This time, by only 15 minutes! Congrats MegaBus, improvement! Board bus, pull off a full half-hour behind schedule. Awesome! \xa0When the driver accelerates, my seat starts tilting back on it\'s own... And it\'s not stopping! Mr. Leadfoot has almost put me in the lap of the passenger behind me. The overhead lights, which are directly above the person sitting by the window, do not provide sh!t for light to the person in the row seat. Vice versa, am trying to sleep with bright light streaming from above. I purposefully bought an express ticket because I am in a hurry to make it home. Imagine my surprise when we exit the highway in Baltimore to pickup more passengers! Also, AC barely working, still a nice 85 degrees on here. Joyous, I tell you. In closing, DO NOT RIDE MEGABUS!', 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': 'I\'ve recently had a round trip experience with Megabus. \xa0The first journey, NYC to Pittsburgh was good. \xa0The way back, terrifying.Part INYC to Pittsburgh (7am/Sat)- I was surprised to see that the loading area is literally just a random sidewalk. \xa0The line was pretty chaotic & there was 2 people trying to keep the crowd in order.The bus was a double-decker & (for this trip) everyone who wanted to sit by themselves was able to. \xa0There was a working outlet but the free WiFi is so slow, it\'s basically unusable. We arrived on time and it was smooth sailing. \xa0The bus driver was nice & I was pretty comfortable the whole time.Part IIPittsburgh to NYC (11am/Sat)- The pick-up area was the sidewalk of a convention center. \xa0This time it was on a regular (non double-decker) bus. \xa0No outlets, no WiFi.The negative aspect of this trip was the terrifying driving skills of the bus driver. \xa0It got so bad at one point that someone\'s husband asked the driver if he could slow down because he was making his wife really scared. \xa0The driver was on his phone a lot of the time & was weaving in & out of traffic like he was in a Ferrari. \xa0I was sitting in the very front seat, so I got the worst view of his driving. \xa0When we entered NYC he put his horrible driving skills into overtime and I just closed my eyes and prayed for us to just be there already.Overall- It seems like MegaBus is a 50/50 shot. \xa0I would ride again but if it\'s another experience like the one above I probably won\'t. \xa0I don\'t think the low price should compromise general safety.- It\'s cheap, so issues like WiFi, location pick-up/drop-off and technical issues I could shrug off due to the low price.- An issue that can be solved easily are the lines. \xa0Just assign numbered seats or have a sign that says "line starts here," no?', 'stars': '3.0'}
{'review': "On my way down from Boston to NYC, it was ok. They checked tix, had Tom&Jerry cartoons. But then the 1st snow storm of the season hit. The disaster hit and it wasn't cause of the snow. The company had cancelled all buses for Saturday(when the storm was coming) and Sunday except they were selling tix to the late buses- 850/1030 etc. For Sunday. If they are selling - they must be running right?No!! They let me buy the tickets for the 850.", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "With twice a month trips from nyc to Boston for the past two years, I think Mega Bus is my top pick among Greyhound, Bolt Bus and FungWah. They are often delayed, but what bus line isn't these days... The drivers are friendly, and actually good at driving. They used to play movies (it was the same 3 movies over, and over, and over but still.. entertainment is entertainment), but now they don't play anything :(I actually like the seats on Mega bus better than the leather ones of Bolt bc you don't slip and slide off of them, hehe. I also like that there is a front, and rear exit, so you can get off the bus even faster - I get very antsy towards the end of the ride...", 'stars': '4.0'}
{'review': "I'm writing this review from onboard a NJ Transit train to Philly in lieu of my last ever Megabus trip booked NY to Philly; today's trip turned out to be my best Megabus experience yet.Trip 1: April 2010, 5+ hour trip which included an hour+ stop in center city phila less than 20 minutes following departure. The bus driver had allowed a man onboard with only a purchase confirmation. Megabus had failed to email his reservation info to him and after an unsuccessful time trying to locate his reservation over the phone he was removed from the bus by police.Trip #2 - phila-NY, fall 2010, I arrived just as the bus was pulling out. I made eye contact with the driver as I ran toward the bus waving. He floored it out of there without me. I was able to ride on the next bus an hour later. Trip #3- phila-NY, January 2011, it's a beautiful day, I'm feeling positive about my ride back to NYC, the bus is on time and I get an ok seat. \xa0Then the engine starts up. It sounds like a 747. \xa010 minutes go by before it pulls away. We go about 50 feet and it stops abruptly. Driver announces that this bus is out of service, please deboard and line up for the next one. There goes an hour.Trip #4- today. NYC-phila, 40 degrees, light rain. I arrive at 2:30pm for my 2:45 trip to phila. I had a rental car booked in the philly burbs so timing was going to be tight but I was hoping a mid-day departure might be light on traffic. Wrong. The 2:45 group of fellow suckers is waiting in a huge line behind a very disgruntled mass of people who'd booked a 1:45pm trip. I chat with the back of the line for 10 min as I check out train schedules from my iPhone. There's a 3:01. I said goodbye and head back toward penn station a few min to 3; still no sign of the 1:45 bus. I had to rebook a different rental car but I'm betting I arrive in Philly well before either of those sad bus trips.Never. Again.", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "I've ridden with Megabus a few times and they've generally been satisfactory in terms of service. BUT I was scheduled to leave at 6:40 pm last Wednesday evening, and my experience was awful! Our bus came thirty minutes late, which left the entirety of passengers standing outside in 20 degree, windy weather. That, alone, though pretty unbearable, could be excusable because of traffic and other reasonable complications. What was NOT excusable was the fact that one of the employees lied to us at one point, saying the bus was a few blocks away, before walking away to some undisclosed location. We continued to wait another fifteen minutes. By the time the bus actually arrived, I couldn't feel my feet. FAIL!!!", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "You know you are in trouble when the only bus ticket available on a major holiday weekend is a mega bus. Showed up going to Boston from NYC and it was a total shit. One bus to Boston was loading up 40mins late and when I asked about my bus I got a blank stare. \xa0Unlike bolt which loads at different places, mega bus does it all at one spot which results in lines with no beginning or end. \xa0 Also, they \xa0rent buses from random places so when it is busy expect to have no wifi, no outlets, and crumbs on the seats. \xa0You won't know any of this of course until it is too late and you are boarding a bus that is way late. There is so much fail here I can't even keep track of it all.", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': 'this is by far the worst bus company now. \xa0The bus company used to be great. \xa0Now on my last three trips there has been no internet. \xa0This time around, a glitch in the system caused an error in payment. \xa0when i asked to speak to a supervisor, they told me no. \xa0Then threatened to hang up on me. \xa0They are by far the worst. \xa0No customer service but yet you are stuck using them to go where you want. \xa0Terrible. \xa0I am prepared for this journey of hell now.', 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': 'I heard about MegaBus from a coworker... I had NO idea there was a bus available and for so cheap!!! I have never been to Boston and we took the MegaBus from NYC when visited my brother in NYC. We took the bus for a total of $12 roundtrip for 2 adults. How cheap is that?!? The bus was supposed to have wi-fi and it did not. :(But aside from that, having bathrooms and a cozy seat is not bad for that price!!! We are going to start using the MegaBus a lot more so we can see more of the East Coast for much cheaper!!! \xa0:)', 'stars': '4.0'}
{'review': 'I really feel I can give an accurate non-biased review of Megabus since I take it all the time. \xa0I go to school in DC and often go home to NYC, so I have to take a bus. \xa0I choose Megabus for the following reasons. \xa01. \xa0Wifi 2. \xa0Reliability3. \xa0Service4. \xa0PriceHowever, Megabus always lets me down. \xa0The reasons being:1. \xa0The wifi is very slow. \xa0I mean, pain-stakingly, watching water boil SLOW. \xa02. \xa0If the bus schedule says it will depart at that time, then it should literally depart at the time. \xa0But that is not the case. \xa0I take a bus early in the morning and it is never there in time to load up and ship out on schedule. \xa0It is usually like 15 - 30 behind schedule because the bus pulls up late. \xa03. \xa0The service is also very spotty. \xa0The AC may or may not work. \xa0The bathrooms often smell. \xa0The ride is pretty bumpy. \xa0Some drivers are friendly, but not too often. \xa0Some of them also drive sooo friggin slow.4. \xa0The price is pretty standard and if you buy earlier, the more you save. That is usually not the case for me, so I end up paying more than I should. Tickets can usually range from $9 to $15 to $17 to $23. \xa0I will still choose Megabus in the end because of the price factor. \xa0It is simply cheaper than other bus companies.', 'stars': '3.0'}
{'review': 'Buses are always late and the employees extremely rude. the buses break down constantly.Last time I was stuck in CT for 2.5 hours. It took me over 8 hours to get from NYC to BOS. No communication of updates during this time at all. Now I\'m stuck in NYC with another broken bus. \xa0No updates, no apology. A man came up to us and said "bus got a flat. No ETA on next bus." and refused to answer any questions and was so rude and uneducated about customer service. Never again will I book a trip with megabus and I will spend all my free time calling them out on every social network and consumer review site possible. I understand sh*t happens but they can train their staff to be helpful and cordial at the very least. Cheap should not equate stupid and incompetent service. Avoid at all costs!', 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': 'Megabus just went down a notch after my ride yesterday from NYC to Boston. \xa0Here\'s the timeline:3:15 PM: Scheduled departure.3:45 PM: Bus arrived.4:25 PM: Bus departed after driver (who had disappeared for 40 min) returned.8:45 PM: Bus arrived.If the bus had been stuck in traffic that would have been unfortunate, but not something to hold Megabus accountable for. \xa0But here:1. The driver disappeared for no reason for 40-min and no one with Megabus (either at the bus stand or on the customer support line) knew where he\'d gone to or when he\'d be back.2. A passenger on the very full, already boarded, windows-don\'t-open double-decker bus had to basically threaten a Megabus employee in order to get them to turn on air circulation/air conditioning so we didn\'t all cook to death during the wait. \xa0The employee said they\'d lose their job if they did (if this is true, doesn\'t make Megabus look good).3. 3-hrs into the ride, the driver pulled over at a rest stop and, without opening the doors or saying a word to anyone, went to the bathroom. \xa0We were all just sitting there wondering, "Uh, what\'s happening?" \xa0I can understand the driver needs to use the bathroom, but at least tell us that and give us a chance to do the same since we\'re already stopped!I\'m going with BoltBus from now on. \xa0Much more professional staff all around.', 'stars': '2.0'}
{'review': "I am currently on a Megabus right now and It's a torturous experience. \xa0It's a 90 degree day from DC to NYC and the air conditioning is not working on the bus. \xa0On top of that, half of the fan vents do not work and the lights are all on (adding to the heat!) and cannot be turned off. \xa0When I approached the driver, he told me the AC was on, which was obviously false, and when I called Megabus to file a complaint, they gave me a number to call which was disconnected. \xa0Despite this painful experience, at least the very slow wifi works enough for me to write this review.", 'stars': '3.0'}
{'review': 'Megabus beats stinking port authority any day of the week. \xa0My only complaint was the random drop off point in Hartford - \xa0not really the safest or most recognized landmark in the city :)', 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "Megabus is absolutely the worst transportation system in the world.I take the bus very often from NY to Philadelphia and I can honestly say it has never been on time. I've taken Megabus approximately 10 times and there has been a minimum wait/delay for about an hour each time! They also do not provide any rewards. I don't know where everyone else is taking the bus from and to but NY to Philadelphia is one of the worst services. DO NOT TAKE IT. I usually take bolt bus and if it's booked, I will take Amtrak. It's not worth the pain and agony to wait hours for Megabus...", 'stars': '3.0'}
{'review': "I have a love-hate relationship with Megabus. I've been using it since March 2009. This is my final Megabus review:Yesterday, I took the 6:30 AM bus from New York to DC. They recently moved the New York stop to the Port Authority. This is convenient for me since it is close to the subway. There was a little confusion. Many people mistakenly got on the line to Philly, but they were quickly corrected. I got there 5 minutes before departure, meaning I got the crappy seat on the lower level. I had a aisle seat and I couldn't fit fully into the seat. Mind you, I'm 6 feet tall, 210 pounds. It's not like I'm Shaq. I tried to pass the time by watching a DVD. Initially, the outlet worked. However, a few minutes after we left the Lincoln Tunnel, the power died. Needless to say, I was pissed off.I slept on and off for the next 2 hours. The bus stopped at White Marsh (I hate that stop. It adds 20 minutes to the trip). Right after we left, the power to the outlets was restored. I was able to watch 3 episodes of Community. The bus arrived in DC on time. After I visited the National Gallery of Art and Air and Space Museum, I arrived at the stop at Union Station at 7:10 PM. I wanted to make sure I got a good seat. My plan worked. I got a seat on the upper level. Initially, I had two seats to myself. At White Marsh, however, more people got on so I had to share. My knees were literally pressing against the seat in front of me. The only consolation was that the outlets worked during the entire trip back to New York.The bus arrived 15 minutes late but that's acceptable. In fact, I've never really had punctuality issues with Megabus. I've read the anecdotes of buses breaking down or arriving 3 hours late, but that has never happened to me.Folks, let me be succinct. If you're looking for comfort, take Amtrak. If you're looking to save money, take Megabus. You can't have your cake and eat it too. You can't complain about Megabus being uncomfortable when it is less expensive than Bolt, Greyhound, DC2NY, miscellaneous Chinatown bus, and Amtrak.", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': 'Megabus is always late! Just dont take megabus if you value your time. I travel frequently between nyc and boston and megabus always fails to arrive on time. Just use other buses, its the same price.', 'stars': '4.0'}
{'review': 'I missed my Bus from NYC to Boston because my Broadway show ended later than I expected. My friend and I had to pay a $5 late fee, we both handed the teller a 20 dollar bill - she gave us 10 bucks back. We were both tired, frustrated and WET - doing simple math was not our main concern (we are both accountants). Once we realized that we were not given back the correct change, which was about 3 mins later, \xa0we returned to the booth and told the lady our situation. She counts the change in her draw (if that makes sense) and tells us that she had given us the correct change... we were beyond livid. The teller basically took advantage of us because my friend said she needed to buy something for "10" dollars and needed change. It is because of this little situation, why I would never ride the MEGABUS again... where is the customer loyalty? BOLT BUS IT IS!', 'stars': '3.0'}
{'review': "Still garbage. \xa0The new bus stop is more confusing than ever.... My Friday 7:20 to Syracuse left 20 minutes late, then pit-stopped to wait for a new driver in Jersey for another 30... pure BS....THEN: on the trip home bus pulls out 1 hour late, I get into NYC, not at 10:30, but at 1:45... \xa0I'm. Taking Amtrak.", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "I travelled from NYC to Boston return for $33.Pros- Around 80-90% cheaper than the Amtrak train, which quoted me $280+ return, and cheaper than Limoliner, which quoted me $180 return.- Takes about the same time as the train. Pretty efficient (unlike a flight)... unless you hit traffic.- The toilet wasn't as grotty as I expected.Cons- Not the world's most comfortable way to travel, especially when every seat is filled (as it was on the first trip) but, truthfully, I'd expected worse for the price.- Unlike the train, it is subject to the vagaries of traffic (and we did get stuck on the way back due to an accident on the road).- The wifi did not work for more than 10 minutes on either trip and, when it did, it was at a glacial pace.- On both trips, the power point for my seat did not work. How hard is it to ensure power is connected and working? On the ride back, at least, the bus was empty enough for me to switch seats to one where it was working.Seriously, though, if you're going to advertise free wifi / power points via your website and on the sides of your buses, you think you'd make it a point of pride to ensure they work. I see from other reviews that I'm hardly Robinson Crusoe in this regard. Massive false advertising and failure to deliver.Still, I got where I was going on both occasions (albeit late each time) and for a fraction of the cost of other options.", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "Knoxville to NYC was fine.Return was OK except for the launch site at 34th street between 11-12 Ave.It was fairly cold when we left at 1:15am.I'm not sure what people would do if it were raining,snowing or 10degrees.There is NOTHING within blocks for shelter.Also the Internet is spotty,at best.", 'stars': '2.0'}
{'review': 'Got here little early for my 11:10 bus to Philadelphia the workers are kind of direct but cool . He let me get on the earlier bus 10:30am \xa0 But the ride is 13bucks you can\'t beat that with a stick. The bus is very clean had a row to myself so I was very comfortable. \xa0The in route movie was " taking of pelham 123" . On top of that they have individual outlets and FREE WIRELESS INTERNET.. I just bought my second ticket online from Philadelphia to Washington DC.... it was $3.50... wtf??? \xa0Amtrak is HISTORY!!!', 'stars': '3.0'}
{'review': "I'm on my 3rd hour heading to newyork with my wife, we are now medium rare cooked because of the heat inside the bus! the A/C is non existent I even asked the driver so he open his window that was the solution.the only positive is the internet which obviously I'm using to complain to you guys.Oh wait! He has stopped the bus and is inspecting the situation... honestly though with an hour left... I'd rather j", 'stars': '5.0'}
{'review': 'DO NOT TAKE THE DC TO NEW YORK TRIP!Terrible. Just took a 2 day trip down to Washington,DC from NYC. Ride down was fine, everything went smoothly. Ride back left on time (2.30pm) only it took an extra 2 hours for us to eventually arrive at our destination. The scheduled arrival time was 7.10pm. A 4hr 40min trip was what we signed up for. 4 hours and 20mins into the trip and we were running behind due to traffic. Understandable. Only we then pulled into an abandoned gas station (with not access to food or water) where we sat for the following hour and a half waiting for the "replacement driver" as the current one has a 4 hour driving limit. Again, finethat they swap over - only not fine that the replacement driver did not arrive for an hour and a half while we who paid for this 4 hr 40 min trip stood around on the side of the highway with no information about when we would be taking off again, when the driver would arrive, if the driver would arrive, when we would get home etc. We eventually arrived in NYC at 9pm. Making it a 6.5 hr trip. Which we would definitely not have booked had that been expressed honestly on the website. We were also told by the driver that THIS HAPPENS EVERY FRIDAY!!! on the trip from DC to New York.Disgusting misrepresentation, theft (in my opinion), and poor customer service.Will pay the $3 more to ride with one of the other companies we watched passing us as we stood in confusion and waited.', 'stars': '2.0'}
{'review': "Megabus just ruined Halloween for a whole bus load of people. The bus left DC at 4:30 and was meant to go directly to New York to reach around 8:45pm. At 8:45pm we stopped 45 minutes outside of NYC for what we expected was a 10 minute stop for the bus driver to stretch his legs. 20 minutes into this wait, people start getting irate, which is when the bus driver finally starts talking. Apparently the driver is changing and we just have to wait for another to get here. It's now been an hour and we're still waiting. The bus was meant to be a direct bus, many of us selected it for this express reason. The company said this was to protect us and ensure the bus driver isn't exhausted. If this is likely to be the case though, and the bus isn't scheduled to stop, drivers should be changed before the bus even leaves!! Or another driver should be here waiting to switch as soon as we stop. Megabus, run your company better. Treat our time with respect and don't be flippant about it.", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': 'My experience with Megabus was ok. \xa0As has been noted, the Megabus is not known for its punctuality. \xa0I was standing on line in the rain, after having taken a cab as not to be late for my bus, only to realize I could\'ve walked to Penn Station and still been there before my bus was. \xa0My 8:45am bus arrived at 9:10. \xa0I got in at about 1:30, a half hour after I was supposed to arrive in Boston.The thing I don\'t like about Megabus is the illusion of it being larger and roomier than your typical Chinatown bus. \xa0Although there are two levels of seating, I really doubt it had more seats. \xa0Also, at least on the top level where I was, the ceilings were quite low and there was no overhead storage. \xa0I was stuck with all my crap by my feet and on my lap. \xa0They brag about their reclining seats, but they recline at such an angle that it makes it even more claustrophobic when the one in front of you is all the way back. \xa0I\'m glad I\'m only 5\'2" or else it would\'ve been quite a challenge.The free wifi was nice, but because I literally had no room, I wound up watching a movie streaming from Netflix because it was really hard to type on my mini laptop when I had to fight with balancing it on my purse and not hitting the seat back in front of me. \xa0The Megabus had less crazy characters than on Greyhound or Fung Wah, but it also smelled like microwave popcorn the whole time. \xa0It seemed to take a longer time than the Chinatown bus because of its route. \xa0It goes all the way up the west side then drives up through NY until I-84, taking that all the way across CT and into MA. \xa0I\'ve been on the Fung Wah and gotten to my destination in less than 4 hours, without the driving seeming like they were going way too fast for a bus. \xa0I just hate that the ride took even longer when we were already running late. \xa0They didn\'t stop at all either. \xa0I guess they think their bus bathroom is sufficient for everyone\'s needs for a 4 1/2 hour trip. \xa0I realize a stop would\'ve delayed our arrival even further, but I would\'ve loved a break to just get up and walk for 2 minutes.So I guess my point, after this long and boring review, is that I\'ll just stick with Fung Wah in the future. \xa0I can leave my laptop at home.', 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': 'Ugh. Just ugh. Of all the inexpensive bus services out there these days, Megabus is probably the worst overall. I\'ve taken Bolt, Fung Wah and Greyhound, and there are pros and cons to all of them, but Mega\'s cons really make the pros completely not worth it. Mega does have more room than Bolt and Fung Wah, so you\'re able to get a ticket much closer to your departure date (I\'ve noticed that Bolt tends to sell out very quickly, especially on weekends when I do most of my back-and-forth). Megabus also charters buses depending on the number of tickets they sell, which makes business sense since they are able to fluctuate their capacity. HOWEVER. As previous reviewers have said, the buses are almost always unacceptably late (I\'ve waited 1 1/2 hours in the freezing cold, outside, in the snow). And their departure area in New York is so poorly organized, it\'s ridiculous. When you get there, they corrall you into a mass of people, and the mass grows steadily as more people arrive and more buses are delayed. Eventually, one of the Mega employees quietly says, "Boston," and a ripple echoes through the crowd - "What? Boston?" "Now?" "6:30?" "6:45?" "Boston?" Then the madness begins. Somehow, this mass of people needs to determine who is actually going to Boston, and then form a single-file line to get on the bus. Of course, this is New York, so everyone thinks they got here first and they have more of a right than the next person to be first in line. There is pushing and shoving, name-calling and fighting (no joke, I\'ve seen it come to blows). It actually makes no difference what time you arrived at the station - what matters is how pushy you are when it comes time to form the line. And of course, there are the inevitable few people who don\'t hear the call for the Boston bus, and argue with the employees until they get bumped to the front of the line, because they\'ve "been here since 4:30." Let the rumpus ensue! Once you finally make it on the bus, the wi-fi is spotty at best, and there is no overhead storage on the top floor. To echo other reviewers, the bus takes a route through Manhattan to get to Boston, and during rush hours it can take a while to get out of the city. I should note that things are not nearly as crazy when going from Boston to Manhattan, so what I\'ve been doing is taking Greyhound or Bolt when they have tickets available to get out of the city, and then taking Mega on the way back since it is usually a few dollars cheaper. Like I said, ugh.', 'stars': '2.0'}
{'review': "After having done a few Megabus trips between NYC-DC, and now having done some Bolt Bus trips between NYC-DC and NYC-Boston, I have concluded that Megabus is to be taken as a last resort only.The parking lot where you get on to the bus is a chaotic mess, with rude and unhelpful attendants, huge amounts of confusion, and very little transparency. Buses pull up and leave every 5-10 minutes, but unless you're right at the front of the line, you'll have no idea which bus is which and will have to rely on a game of telephone from the front of the line passed on back. Contrast this with Bolt, which is also slightly disorganized, but only seems to be running between 1-3 buses at a time (so there's much less chaos), and whose employees are much friendlier and more helpful. On my way to Boston yesterday, when a 4pm bus pulled up, a Bolt employee walked around checking to see which bus we were on, informed us that the one here was going to Philly and the Boston one was running a little late (which ended up being only 15 min. late - if only that were the case with Megabus...). This small effort on the part of Bolt makes a huge difference to clearing up a confusing and potentially stressful situation.Plus, Megabus in DC drops you off at a random parking lot that's a 10 minute walk from the nearest metro, whereas Bolt picks and drops off right at Union Station.I'm staying away from Megabus from now on unless Bolt is totally sold out on the days that I want to leave.", 'stars': '2.0'}
{'review': 'DITTO: MEGAFAIL. We booked a great cheap round trip online from Boston to New York. The trip there was OK (nicest seats around, leg room, wifi) except for being 45 minutes late! Fail 1.We had to come home a day earlier than our reservation and hoped Megabus would honor our ticket a day early.NO SUCH LUCK! Fail 2.Not only did they not honor the ticket-we were told we had to buy 2 new tickets at double the rate of online ($50.00) after everyone had boarded the bus.When we asked, "could we at least get a refund from the company for the first ticket we already purchased?" we were simply told, "NO." Fail 3.I am a little stunned and feel a little scammed. If this company is trying to prove itself as the new way to travel amoungst competitors like Peter Pan, Greyhound, Bolt, even Fung Wah, they have no chance. Horrible customer service when I called the company about this I was directed to a general email...A little extra leg room and some WiFi was not worth the scamminess for me and all my commuting friends will hear this cautionary tale as well.****UPDATE: finally got through to a supervisor on the phone, and he said their policy does not honor pre-purchased tickets at a different time unless 24 hrs notice to change the reservation and no refunds can be given...', 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "Going to keep this short and not-so sweet.You get what you pay for. Just don't expect anything reasonable like to be reunited with your luggage at your destination. You could give an attendant your luggage and it may mysteriously disappear.Nor should you expect anyone at Megabus to take responsibility or act like they care. And finally, when somehow your luggage is found on ANOTHER bus (which you only know about after e-mailing/calling frantically and being put on hold for 15+ minutes each time), you have to have your lovely boyfriend drive you to some random location to pick up your bag.Truth is, I am just relieved to have my luggage and now I know what's up. Just watch your stuff. If possible, don't load it. Realize the company/employees really don't give a sh*t about you. Just be glad you're not paying $100+ for the train. Oh, and take Bolt Bus when possible. Reserve Megabus for emergencies or if you luck out with the $1 tickets. Megabus just has horrible service.", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': 'I guess I learned my lesson after using Megabus...you get what you pay for! \xa0They pride themselves on offering cheap tickets, but all they make severe cuts to service and quality to achieve the lower prices. \xa0My husband and I used Megabus, and the ride was alright until we needed to contact customer service when we left an item on board. \xa0When we contacted customer service, helping us with a lost item was beyond there job description. \xa0The only thing to do was to wait 6 days for the lost and found department to get back to us...and our item was long gone! \xa0The whole experience was nothing but stressful, and I will avoid using them in the future.', 'stars': '2.0'}
{'review': 'It\'s hard to hate Megabus when you\'re saving sooo much money using them. I depart from Buffalo to NYC usually. The bus has been late oh...100% of the time. Usually about 2 hours late. Theres no communication with drivers, for when you call Megabus to inquire where the bus is, they are of no help. Which can be REALLY frustating because you have no idea whats going on. Just make sure any plans you might have are at least 3 hours after your "planned" arrival time. Some drivers actually look at your reservation numbers and compare them to the ressies on their clipboard...and sometimes they glance and move you along which makes you think, I coulda wrote down 8USMELLY4291PIG and gotten on! But moving on...Usually the outlets don\'t work when I\'ve tried to using them so i wouldn\'t rely on charging your things there. A lot of people don\'t seem to have this issue but I do so just to be on the safe side, make sure everythings charged before boarding. Can\'t say anything regarding Wifi since I havent used it here.The bus can be very chilly! =( And I never noticed any smells like other reviewers but I guess I wasn\'t looking for any either! The bus is almost always very quiet and peaceful if you\'re looking for shut-eye. I\'ve had a few bad apples...one that blared their music through their headphones which are hanging around their neck and rapping along to it at 3am. Joy! No one had the balls to tell him to shut up though. But people like that arent common. I try like hell to avoid the bathroom. On two occasions I thought the door was locked only to have it pop open while I\'m using the toilet when we hit a little bump. I now learned my lesson and grab onto it the whole time to make sure this doesnt happen again.Once I took it to DC and the bus was breaking down so we stopped at the Baltimore stop. When people inquired how long we\'d have to wait for another bus to pick us up they said they didn\'t know. Which was annoying because we were stopped at the mall so if we were given at least an estimate we could have stopped in there to kill a little time but since we had no idea when it\'d come we couldnt leave. In the end it took maybe an hour and a half for another bus to pick us up. I seem to have only complaints and you\'re right, I do. So why am I giving it 4 stars? You can\'t beat the price. Since I only go on trips when I can get a roundtrip for under $20 I can\'t hate it! The price is phenomenal. Any other mode of transporation I could have used would have cost me at least $115 more than what I paid. So just expect the worst and hope for the best...and plan on the bus being late ESPECIALLY departing from Buffalo! If you depart from here keep in mind its coming from Toronto so expect delays due border crossing!So all in all, Megabus is a MegaBITCH but can be worth it for the MegaSavings!', 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "Personally... i don't like writing reviews but people should be aware. \xa0I just went on a trip to boston from nyc. I purchased the ticket online and there was some error and ended up double booking my ticket. \xa0I called the customer service and they advise that i should stop by the ticket booth on the day of my trip and they will be able to assist me.On the day of my trip when i went up to the ticket booth they said i should call the customer service because they couldn't do anything about it and when i did call the customer service all they had to say to me was sorry???? what the ****!!!talking about a failure... \xa0I been on many other buses but... avoid if possible.", 'stars': '4.0'}
{'review': "PLEASE NOTE THE BUS STOP IS NO ON 9th AVE! behind the post office NOT ON 8th AVE.Not the best bus ride, but definitely happy with power outlets and wifi, even though I have unlimited internet on my idevice.Took the bus to Philly, it was fairly smooth and on time. Same goes for the ride home.I wanted to take the bus to Syracuse, bought a ticket, and missed the bus by 4 minutes because I didn't know the stop was moved from 8th to 9th avenue. They were willing to get me on another bus that day (about 5 hours later). Other then that there seems to be no recourse or credit you can get for a later day. Very lame. Customer service on the phone isn't helpful either. Get there early and grab a comfy seat, maybe bring a light jacket, because the AC is blasting from my experience.Happy riding.", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "I've ridden on MegaBus from Albany- New York City 10-15 times and have never had any major issues. My only complaint is that the WiFi never works very well, sometimes not at all. And they frequently tend to run behind schedule. But they are so cheap, who can complain? Also, I have never had a bad experience with their customer service. You need to understand their refund policy clearly and keep it in mind when you call. My fiance and I had tickets to go to NYC the day Sandy hit; we kept in touch with customer service all the time until bus service was up again. We managed to get on the first bus down, after the roads were re-opened, to volunteer in Brooklyn. I think we only paid around $10 for rescheduling.", 'stars': '2.0'}
{'review': "The best travel experience I've ever had! Okay, I actually gave the five stars just because they look pretty, but I did actually have a perfectly fine Megabus experience. It probably helped that I blew off the ride leaving New York since I found a ride to Binghamton with a friend, since many reviews note the poor pickup locale, and my departure would have been 11 pm. However, I was instructed to the upper level, North, at Port Authority, not 31st and 11th--this is where Coach operates, and that's the bus that returned me to New York. A little late, a little local (2 stops) but other than that it was a perfect ride. My last Greyhound trip on the same route, however, was quicker by an hour (but twice the price).", 'stars': '3.0'}
{'review': 'I used to love Megabus\'s concept of $1 fares but obviously those days are long gone. Don\'t get me wrong, fares are still pretty cheap, but the price is not the issue here.They take forever to "depart" and then forever to get to Point B. I know there are certain roads that large vehicles cannot go on but I think Megabus takes the LONGEST DETOUR POSSIBLE!It\'s redeeming qualities are of course, the wi-fi and there are usually lots of empty seats so you can sprawl out. I\'d say Megabus is a cleaner alternative than those Chinatown buses and a cheaper alternative to the other Coach buses. Also, there are so many buses on the side of MSG that it\'s hard to tell which one is going where, since the scrolling marquee on the bus isn\'t always updated until it\'s almost supposed to depart. The workers aren\'t very helpful either, they just seem angry at the universe.', 'stars': '5.0'}
{'review': 'Dirt cheap! Drop off is at pen station. Pick up is behind Madison square garden. Very organized and many buses going in and out of nyc. A bang for your buck for sure!', 'stars': '3.0'}
{'review': "The wireless is always broken. \xa0They act like they're surprised, as if it's just broken this one time, but I'm sure no review on yelp will claim they had working wifi. \xa0Supposedly, I pay sprint 80 dollars a month so I can check the internet and communicate when I'm stuck in a mega bus that's 2 hours behind schedule, but sprint, like megabus, has already cashed my check and could give a care.", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': 'This company has the WORST cancellation/refund policy. If you have a last-minute change of plans, do not depend on Megabus to provide you with the support you need. They have a 24 hour pre-trip cancellation, which I adhered to when attempting to change my trip. Unfortunately, their website and system was down when I needed to change the reservation. I called twice and attempted to change my reservation and also attempted once on the website, all of which failed. I called after the 24 hour period to explain what had happened and after speaking to a "supervisor," she still was not able to issue a refund or modify the trip -- even though it was THEIR SYSTEM that prevented me from changing it during the pre-24 hour period. They even searched the records and confirmed I had called to change it during the pre-24 hour period.I had to change the trip due to a death in the family, and even after following their "24 hour" rule, I still was not given decent customer service treatment. She filed a "complaint" on my behalf, which I\'ll hear back from in 5 to 7 business days, and she made note that this would not guarantee my refund.Its competitor, TripperBus, issues a credit for cancellations and NO fees for changes. TripperBus realizes that real-life issues come up and are sympathetic to change, unlike Megabus which takes your money and provides no sympathy for a death in your family even when you follow the rules and it\'s their system problems that prevent you from changing your reservation.Not to mention that when you actually board a Megabus trip, it\'s usually a half hour late or the bus breaks down on the highway. Maybe after Megabus profits my unrefunded money, it can work on those issues...', 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "Megabus is not a bad deal for the money as an economic option to get from large city to large city. \xa0At $15-25 per ride, the deal can't be beat, but don't expect to be pamerpered or to have amenities. \xa0Remember, the Megabus system works macro-economically, i.e., a lot of people put in a little money to create a large pot, and receive a basic service well. \xa0Thus, the wifi on the Megabus tends not to work, the restroom most likely will not be clean, and the driver/staff will not be courteous, as they deal with approximately 80 passengers per bus and 1,000 passengers daily.Also realize that you will spend roughly the same amount of money on gas and tolls if you drive, but are saving yourself from the nightmare of finding street parking in either city.", 'stars': '2.0'}
{'review': "Megabus, I hate your bus guts! \xa0I knew you were too good to be true.So, I'm in Boston and it's cold and rainy. \xa0The bus shows up an hour late and finally we see it turning the corner and pulling into the lot. \xa0We're excited for warmth because Back Bay Station is essentially an igloo.We all line up in a single file waiting like cattle to get on the bus. \xa0Once the driver is finished getting everybody's luggage, he takes time out from his cellphone call to tell us that he's not going back to New York, to call customer service if we have a problem and then continues to have a nap inside the bus. \xa0It's 9:30pm and the next bus isn't until midnight. \xa0There's no way I'm waiting in the freezing cold station for the next 2.5 hours so I head to a nearby hotel and have a hot shower and call Customer Service. \xa0They have no record of canceled buses out of Boston. \xa0Of course they don't.I head back to Back Bay Station at 11:30 and cross my fingers that the midnight bus will be on time. \xa0The 8:30 bus is still in the parking lot and the driver is sound asleep inside. \xa0No midnight bus. \xa0The driver of the 8:30 bus woke up from his nap when people started tapping on the windows for an explanation.It's now 12:30am. \xa0I'm cold and cranky and just want to get home. \xa0Customer service is closed. \xa0Back Bay Station is an icebox. \xa0I hop on the last T train heading to south station where I pay Lucky Star $25 to get on the 2am bus.Megabus is lucky they refunded my fare but no apology or explanation was given. \xa0From now on, I'm going to take the Bolt bus.", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': 'Did I mention that the driver stopped to piss 4 TIMES???4 TIMES.This driver just officially sucks at life.', 'stars': '5.0'}
{'review': "I have taken maybe 20, \xa025 Megabus trips over the last year and a half and aside from the usual lateness, I have no complaints. Hey, it's a bus ride. Being semi retired \xa0with a love of travel and far from wealthy, Megabus fits the bill.I rarely paid more than a dollar for a segment. Last Winter I paid a whopping $4.50 to go from Baltimore to Orlando. Later this year I'm taking six days and heading to San Antonio. Round trip: $11.50. I always marvel at how cheaply you can go on Megabus. Just book early and try for mid week, and keep checking their website for additional dates. When new dates are added, book as soon as possible. That's how you get the dollar fares.On the longer runs, the bus will stop at travel plazas Megabus is becoming more popular and the buses are usually full, but there are times you can get two seats to yourself, and sitting in the front row on a doubledecker is nice.In summation..it's a bus ride and if you book early, a very inexpensive bus ride. Yeah, you'll get preachy annoying bus drivers, and then some who won't talk at all. It's usually very quiet on the bus. For the best bang for your buck, you can't \xa0beat Megabus..", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "I took Megabus round-trip from Boston to New York and back again this past Memorial Day weekend.The Bolt Bus was completely booked and Megabus still had plenty of seats - that should have been my first tip-off.I am writing two reviews because I had vastly different experiences on the New York and Boston ends. This review covers my trip from New York back to Boston on Memorial Day on the 1:15pm bus. The other review will be under the Boston location, where I had a much better experience.The place where you have to catch the bus in New York is on an unprotected-from-the-elements sidewalk outside of Madison Square Garden, which smelled like pee. (I'm guessing that MSG is a popular building to pee against during the nighttime hours.)The Megabus employees herded us into lines based on what buses we were waiting for. My bus was 45 minutes late and I spent that time in the midday sun, with sweat rolling down my back and legs, standing downwind of a stinky grill of chicken kebabs from a vendor's cart. Some of the more prepared folks brought umbrellas to keep cool in the sun. I recommend this, as well as maybe one of those fancy suitcases that you can sit on! Though once you factor in the cost of one of those, maybe you could afford the train....When the bus finally did arrive, just ahead of the 2:15 bus (!) it was a regular coach bus with no electrical outlets and no wifi. I spilled some water from my bottle while loading my backpack into the overhead bin, and I asked the driver if he had paper towels I could use to soak it up. He told me to look in the bathroom, where there were no paper towels. The water eventually dried out (I think there is some sort of venting system because it seemed to go away faster than I expected).The bathroom, which I unfortunately had to use during the trip, smelled like pee and the only toilet paper was on a giant roll that had fallen onto the floor, not on the rolls that were installed into the wall (they were empty).Also - warning to the non-petite - I have a big butt (I'm a size 18) and the seatbelt attachment poked into my butt when not connected. Ugh.On the plus side, the A/C worked, the bus didn't crash, and they didn't take that crazy route through 100 city blocks the way they did on the way down.Review for the ride from Boston to New York: yelp.com/biz/megabus-bos", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "I wish I could give MegaBus zero stars, because even 1 seems like too many. \xa0The bus ride itself wasn't bad, but it was the utter chaos I experienced near Penn Station NY that makes it an easy choice to never ride them again.I arrived around the time of my bus departure to Philly (around 7:40pm, I think). \xa0I have taken other buses and never found a need to show up much earlier than the departure time. \xa0Well, I guess it was a complete mistake. \xa0The line stretched nearly half a block in either direction. \xa0No one knew what was going on. \xa0The MegaBus people basically had no idea what was going on themselves. \xa0Two buses to Philly departed before I could get anywhere near the front of the line. \xa0I ended up leaving more than 1.5hrs late - and I wasn't the only one. \xa0They claimed one of their buses had a flat tire.For my return home from Philly to NYC, I took Amtrak. \xa0I had things to do and arriving home 1.5hrs late was not an option. \xa0In the future, I'll probably just do NJ Transit & SEPTA, which isn't all that bad since NJ Transit has nice new trains.Oh and the WiFi - forget it. \xa0It's useless. \xa0I didn't try using the outlets, but the people around me tried and half seemed not to work.", 'stars': '4.0'}
{'review': "Epic Failure of a company. \xa0Easily the worse carriage of the bunch.I had the fantastic experience of having a driver milk his overtime. A bus trip to DC scheduled for 4 hrs and 20 mins became 6 and 1/2 hours with 55 MPH driving, and stopping at 4 count them 4 rest stops... Calls to customer service might as well be in india.Then on the way back...Air conditioning broke. \xa0Family of 3 had to get off and switch buses as it was dangerous for the child. 1.5 hr delayI didn't think you could get more ghetto than the chinatown buses...damn was I wrong!", 'stars': '4.0'}
{'review': "Let me start by saying that this was the cheapest round trip ticket from Boston to New York I could find ($15 down, $10 back) and I should have known something was up from then on..If I were just judging this from my departure trip (from Boston) I would have easily given Megabus a 4 out of 5 rating with one star being knocked off for WiFi that lasted only 20 minutes. \xa0Good ride down, different story on the way back.My girlfriend and I had a return trip to Boston from NYC at 8:10pm. \xa0We arrived at 7:50p to what looked like nothing better than a makeshift refuge camp in an abandoned parking lot. \xa0Knock another star off for that. \xa0 The bus showed up an HOUR late. \xa0We were suppose to pull off by 8:10pm and didn't end up leaving until 9:20pm. \xa0Bus driver was semi-rude once the bus got on the way saying how he's had a very long day and that we should all keep quite and not come down the front stairs.Overall, very underwhelming experience. \xa0If I were a traveler, I would definitely spend the extra $10 - $15 and go with another bus company.", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': 'I currently riding on a Megabus to Hartford so maybe I shouldn\'t write this review until the end of my trip but I can\'t resist. I now understand why they are so inexpensive! There is no bus station so when snow hits the city taking this bus is going to suck! The bus driver is nice but is playing the Tim Joyner Radio Show over the speakers! How does she know that everyone wants to listen to this! So I\'m sitting her listening to \'round the way girl" by LL Cool J. Smh', 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': 'Cramped seating, nonfunctional WiFi, and on our return trip, the driver drove through Manhattan, catching every light, from the north end of the island all the way down - no highway taken, probably to avoid tolls. A total joke.', 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "A close friend of mine was on a NY-Toronto Megabus last Thursday that TIPPED OVER AND CRASHED ON ITS SIDE on I-90 North near Buffalo. Half a dozen passengers were taken to a local hospital, some of them with broken bones (my friend escaped with bruises). C'mon folks, use your heads, it's simple physics. Do you actually think an unusually tall bus with a skewed center of gravity is safe to be driving on an EXPRESSWAY at 65 mph?? \xa0Double-deckers are fine in city traffic, where they can never pick up much speed. But at highway speeds, they're a tragedy just waiting to happen.", 'stars': '2.0'}
{'review': "I booked a trip and subsequently needed to modify it. It's actually impossible. When you call the 800 number (which is close to impossible to find) they allow you two questions and then hang up on you. Literally say goodbye and click. The two questions consisted of. May I please speak to a manager. Answer - no. Again. May I please speak to a manage. Answer. Click and that's it. Good thing I booked with Amex and got a full refund. Never use them unless u expect 0 changes to your trip. Never ever plan on using megabus again.", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "Mega bus has seriously declined over the years. \xa0I traveled to Washington, D.C. two weekends ago and the service was terrible. \xa0Our bus was at least an hour late and we were not given any notice about it the entire time. \xa0We eventually got on the bus, after waiting and waiting without being told a thing. \xa0On the way back from DC, we were on a regular coach bus with little room and no outlets. \xa0What's the point of paying for Megabus if the service is inconsistent? \xa0Might as well take a Chinatown bus... or upgrade to the train.", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': 'If only I could do zero stars....I have never come across anything like this. We get there for the 7pm bus, but there are hundreds of people, in varying states of chaos, still awaiting the 5.30 and 6pm buses. No staff to be seen. Tempers frayed, angry words being exchanged, prayers being said....Anyhow, eventually some Megabus staff turn up, and, clearly deciding that the best form of defence is attack, decide to verbally abuse the customers. Any attempt by a customer to extract information was met with a customer service number angrily screamed in their face.On occasion, the staff became perilously close to physically attacking the customers (with the staff taking turns to hold each other back from throttling the beleaguered customers). Indeed, one of the staff, after an argument with a customer who had walked off in a temper, said that he would leave her in a "pool of her own blood". I\'m not kidding. The police have been called for less....There were other issues too - the WiFi didn\'t work on the bus, the table was filthy - but in reality it was nothing compared with their prison warden customer service experience. Oh, and the final insult: we won\'t get a refund because our bus was ONLY 1hr56mins late. 2 hrs late gets you a refund.The advice is obvious. STAY THE HECK AWAY FROM THIS COMPANY FOR YOUR MENTAL AND PHYSICAL HEALTH!!!!', 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "Cheaper than creepy Greyhound or the Peter Pan bus!My two of my friends went to school in the Philly area so I've become familiar with the Megabus. The NYC station is on the west side near a parking garage and it is easy to get to using the subway lines. I think the lines are organized and you can always ask one of the many workers that are there to assist.I will say if you're traveling to the DMV area please take the earliest bus and get there early because those buses fill up fast. The buses to and from Providence, RI are always late and never full.I do enjoy the nonstop service and the electrical outlets that are available for each riders use.", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "The low rating is for the bus stop, not the bus itself. On the Boston run, you're on 10th between 40th & 41st, and you line up against a building that is home to thousands of pigeons. Relieving themselves. In your general direction. I rate the odds at 20% of getting hit. Bring a hat, and some tissue. If you've seen Hitchcock's The Birds recently, take an anti-anxiety pill beforehand. And remember to wait til the poop dries and *then* wipe it off!", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "So i write this as we sit by the side of the freeway due to a flat tire on our bus. This probably wouldnt have happened had Megabus not pulled the old last minute switcheroo to an inferior non-branded bus. Not to mention, the last minute change was handled with extreme unprofessionalism - we've been ordered, bossed, and shoveled around like livestock by rude, very unorganized and definetly untrained individuals. I'm just glad we didnt end up in an accident or worse like so many of the other Megabuses you hear about in the news! Bottom line is, Megabus needs to shape up or ship out! Quit being cheap, incosiderate bastards, who obviously suffer from bad management an poor executive leadership! Seriously Megabus - your reputation is suffering...dont you care?", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "Megabus stands for:Major holidays prices are practically doubledExpensive (up to $28 each way) if you don't book far in advanceGigantic, disorganized lines near Penn station are completely frustratingAttempts to swindle you by having some routes carried by EasternBus drivers are rude and unprofessionalUncomfortable seating with the ceiling two inches above your headStops at random rest stops to pick up people along the wayThat being said, they have more frequent routes between major cities and also stop at some cities that are not serviced by other companies. Still a better alternative to Greyhound. Sometimes you just gotta suck it up and deal.", 'stars': '3.0'}
{'review': "Overall: when taking MegaBus, don't expect too much. Just think about how much money you're saving versus taking Amtrak or flying. Get to the pickup location early so you get a good seat, and have something to distract you for the ride as the bus will most likely hit traffic and arrive later than the ETA.My personal experience: I took a MegaBus from Boston to New York to come home from school for the weekend. The price was decent, not super expensive but it wasn't dirt cheap either so I didn't have any grand expectations. My friend and I arrived at South Station about 30 minutes before our 5:00 bus, but by 4:50 the bus was completely full and departed. The attendant apologized and announced it would be 15 mins for an additional bus. Around 5:30, a shabby looking generic coach bus pulled up and picked us up. There was no leg room, no outlets, and nearly nonexistent wifi. The worst part was that the bus driver had the heat cranked up ALL THE WAY the WHOLE WAY to New York (it's the beginning of October, mind you) After traffic, and after the bus took the streets all the way through mid town (as if there is no way to avoid taking 7th ave down through Times Square..) we arrived about an hour and a half late. I was displeased, but at least we made it. This morning I woke up to an email that my ride had been fully refunded, so I give it to MegaBus for taking responsibility for the delays and getting me where I need to go. Just hoping my ride back to Boston is a lil bit more pleasant.", 'stars': '3.0'}
{'review': "I work for an airline and I admit sometimes airlines fail. There was bad weather at JFK and all flights had cancelled for the rest of the night. I had to get back to Boston and I wasn't going to sleep on the floor of the airport, so I googled buses back to Boston and found the Megabus! I was only able to make the last departure of the night from Manhatten that left at 1:30am and was due to arrive in Boston at 5:45am. Not so bad, only 4 hours. I admit I was very sketched out waiting in line for the bus. There was an entire city block of people and I had no idea how we were all going to fit, then I realized there was more than one bus coming for multiple cities. The bus arrived and on our way we went. I was impressed with how clean it was, the outlets to charge my cellphone and the free wireless on board. It was a very trendy bus. Only issue was that the lights above the seats would not turn off and I really wanted to sleep. I felt like the driver was going 95+mph the entire way but my gps on my cellphone said we were only going 65mph. So who knows.I would recommend doing it again, especially because it was so cheap only $13 one way from New York City to Boston.", 'stars': '4.0'}
{'review': 'I can normally travel between DC and NY with ease on the Acela courtesy of free travel vouchers or reimbursement through my work. \xa0But Thanksgiving weekend was all blacked out, and I had to look for another alternative. \xa0Enter Megabus. \xa0I just fail to understand why traveling by bus is a second class citizen experience in the U.S., when it can be a very nice way of getting around in other countries, like in Argentina for example. \xa0It began on a sour note when we were trying to figure out which bus was ours and the bus driver of one of the buses rudely pointed out the appropriate place to queue up. \xa0Depositing the baggage and boarding the bus was seamless. \xa0The bus was scheduled to leave DC at 3:30pm and was due to arrive in NY at 8pm. \xa0Along the way we stopped in Baltimore to fill up the bus with the remaining passengers. \xa0No breaks were taken for the entire trip. \xa0We encountered so much traffic in NJ that our bus arrived in NY 90 minutes late making the total transit time a whopping 6 hours! \xa0The free wi-fi was on the fritz as I kept having to log back in to it, and it took for ever to upload a single photo (about 20 minutes for 2 Mb), that it was just not practical to use. \xa0Upon arrival in NY, it was a free-for-all to claim bags. \xa0Mind you no tickets are used, so someone could very well walk off with your bags. \xa0At $21 for a 1-way trip, you are saving money over the train, but you are paying for it in many other ways. \xa0Avoid if possible.', 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "I've taken megabus roundtrip from Boston to NYC twice. Both times I've found the trip from Boston to NYC to be fine. The buses leave on time, and they arrive within 30 minutes of the ETA. The bus isn't full on the way to NY, so you can spread out. Bring a blanket because the AC is always on hi, and you can't adjust the vent away from yourself. Also, the lights can't be moved, so reading is an issue if you don't have a window seat. WiFi never works. This was mentioned to the drivers, who responded that there are too many people trying to access it at once. Boston is great because South Station is equipped with restaurants, bathrooms, and a waiting area with chairs. The trip from NYC to Boston is HORRIBLE. There is no bus station, shade, or shelter of any kind, and there is no easy way to get to the stop on 34th and 11th. Sometimes, you can hail a cab, but on a hot day everyone takes cabs. I ran a mile and a half with 30 pounds of luggage to \xa0make it to the 2:10, only to wait 2 hours outside in the blistering heat for a very late bus. All of us were sunburned. We were stuck in bad traffic in Connecticut for hours. The ETA was 6:20, but we arrived at 9:40. Both trips I took from NYC to Boston were crowded to capacity. The first trip took over 5 hours with a 1 hour delay. The second trip took about 6 hours with a 2 hour delay.", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "I've taken Bolt Bus, Greyhound, Fung Wah, and Lucky Star to Boston, Philly & DC - all several times over the course of the past 5 years. I've been 4 hours late, stuck on a broken down bus, yelled at, etc. \xa0I understand that sometimes, if you leave on a Friday at 7pm for example, the bus is going to be late. With all this said, Megabus is my new favorite bus line. There's no rush to get on the bus when it arrives. \xa0They line you up neatly and it's pretty clear which line you're in. There's usually at least 2 or 3 people there to answer questions. In general, I've found the buses to be on time. \xa0If you have a ticket, you pretty much have a seat. Sure, there are horror stories, but in general, Megabus is the best.", 'stars': '4.0'}
{'review': "First time Megabus rider here.I have ridden PeterPan (a few times), Greyhound (many times), LuckyStar (once), and yes, even Fung Wah (once) and I have to say that I have been most satisfied with Megabus. I have heard good things about Boltbus but couldn't find a time that worked for me; my boyfriend wound up finding Mega' and I am glad he did!Here are the key points denoting my 4-star rating:- Clean (the bus was spotless, no crusty seats, no trash in the aisles, and fresh garbage bags. The bathroom - though small - was very clean)- Structure/Features (the bus set up kind of reminded me of a plane - double decker seating, tv screens that played an intro video regarding safety and features, reclining seats, and built-in headphone plugs. I really like that the bathroom was positioned so you were facing the side of the bus, instead of forward, while 'going.' It made it much easier to balance! Oh, and there was FREE wifi, which was great for checking email, passing time, etc.)- Employees (our bus driver was great - I think we actually had the same one going both ways - his name is Jeff and he was pleasant, had a nice intro and exit speech, and was helpful during loading/unloading of luggage)- Time (It was estimated that it would take about 4 hours to get from Boston to NYC, but both ways we arrived early. Yes, I know they SHOULD be overestimating for traffic and just to have happy customers in general... well, it worked!)- Price (totally affordable, cheaper than most other bus lines... and considering how much better the service and quality is, compared to similarly priced bus lines.. oh yeah, it's Megabus hands down)I am not going with 5 stars because I wish Megabus went more places. More destinations, please!Overall - great price, great features, and great service. I'd say, give it a whirl!", 'stars': '4.0'}
{'review': 'Insane atmosphere of cranky travelers and bossy ushers. Really stressful environment, not that good of a deal, and sold out very far in advance.', 'stars': '3.0'}
{'review': "Worst travel experience I've had to date! Got to the stop with a typical load of baggage for an airline and waited in line for half hour while driver and staff walked by us then right as we're boarding they inform us that we're only allowed one bag on a backpack, says we're going to have to pay for the extra full fare for both. The driver was extremely rude, we asked if we could have another passenger who has no luggage take our baggage for us and he flat out refused and wasn't helpful at all. Got on the bus, WiFi is broken and the top level is packed with extremely poor Auer conditioning so we're all cooking up here. When we went and asked the driver to turn up the air he very rudely said it was already on and to get back to our seats. Worst trip ever!", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': 'I recently took MegaBus from NYC to Boston. The service was horrific. \xa0A trip that is supposed to take 4 hours took about 6 hrs and 30 minutes and there was no traffic. The first issue arose when we stopped in Brewster for a driver change. \xa0The driver was 1 hour late to meet us and we were literally hanging around th rest stop that had a vending machine and a bathroom. \xa0After another hour we took another break for another driver change. The driver at the second change was also 1 hour late. If Megabus had communiciaed more effectively it would have been better. However, having later drivers, is the first problem, and then having drivers that just say, "I follow orders" is another problem. If you are going to have mulitple driver changes at least tell people what is going on and second make sure they are on time. These delays forced me to miss a connection.I would try Boltbus or Greyhoud. Both go direct without driver changes.', 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "Took this to and from DC.The bus ride there wasn't so bad. The outlets and wifi worked and we got there pretty much on time.The way back was a different story. First off, if you want to leave at 4pm, you can't start boarding people 15 min before. Seriously, it doesn't work. So we end up leaving around 4:10pm, and this girl is running across the parking lot, waving down the bus driver. AND he lets her on. WTF? She was late to begin with, not by 1 or 2 mins, but 10 freaking minutes. If we had left on time, there would have been no trace of the bus and she would have had to figure out alternate plans. RIDICULOUS. Obviously the schedule isn't THAT important. We ended up getting to NYC around 9pm, when we should have gotten there at 8:20pm!!Plus the tickets I got were kinda expensive. $23 and $25. Next time I'm going with Boltbus.", 'stars': '3.0'}
{'review': "I have a long story to tell. \xa0I take MegaBus weekly; I live in MA but work in NY. \xa0It's not great but it's not the worst. \xa0However, last week I experienced a nightmare worth sharing. \xa0A cautionary tale if you will. \xa0Last Friday I caught the 1:10 bus on 34th & 11th; it started out rocky and got really bad. \xa0About two hours in the driver announced there was a problem with the bus and we were pulling over at a rest stop to wait for a replacement bus; which was coming from NY. Well it took us two hours to get there so an hour seemed unlikely and it was 3 hours later the bus arrived. We loaded into when \xa0the bus and started again. \xa040 minutes later we started pulling over every 10 minutes because the new bus was having an issue. \xa0Not long after we broke down completely on the side of the highway. \xa0No power, no AC, hot day . \xa0This time they opted not to send a replacement bus. \xa0Instead we were to rely on the good will and awareness of other MegaBus drivers who would be passing by to stop and pick up as many passengers as they could take. \xa0That process didn't work great when we had light and was even less successful in the dark since the bus had no flashers. \xa0Hours later a mechanic came and declared he had no idea why the bus wasn't working. \xa0I had called my boyfriend after the 2nd breakdown and asked him to come get me. \xa0He drove 2 1/2 hours to get me with no worry that MegaBus would do anything to solve the issue before he got there. We have a compact car but we were able to take two people with us out of that hellish situation. \xa0I felt so bad for those we had to leave behind. \xa0What did I get for my trouble? \xa0A refund not worth the face value of the ticket I bought. \xa0No apologies whatsoever. \xa0MegaBus=MegaFail", 'stars': '2.0'}
{'review': 'Thumbs up to Megabus for improving how things are organized. When I took one of their buses in September (and vowed to never subject myself to that again), the "system" for waiting for your bus involved a whole lot of chaos outside Madison Square Garden. Now it\'s situated in a parking lot on 9th Ave. With designated lines. Lines that are (le gasp) LABELED. So that was certainly a huge improvement over running around outside the Garden dodging homeless people to try and find the proper line.However, despite the improvement in the waiting system, my overall experience was just as poor as my previous trip with Megabus. It was still terribly cramped and uncomfortable. None of the outlets were working (which was a delightful surprise, as my BlackBerry was completely drained). And although it was around 45 degrees outside, I realized when we stopped briefly that it was literally warmer outside than it was on the bus. I don\'t care how cheap tickets are - if I\'m paying ANY money at all for a bus service, I think it\'s reasonable to expect that the bus will be warmer than 40 degrees.Just as was the case with my last review, the only thing earning Megabus two stars instead of one is the fact that it\'s the only cheap means of transportation to Syracuse. Here\'s hoping Bolt starts up a Toronto line.', 'stars': '2.0'}
{'review': "Great clean and comfortable buses. Crappy time schedule. They leave on time and arrived 1+ hour late to destination (Bos - NYC). They have a new driving policy and do not drive with 'flow of traffic'. SO... be forewarned - if your schedule is tight... chose another service. If not... great.", 'stars': '2.0'}
{'review': "I take MegaBus. A lot. The bathrooms are usually stinky so beware. The extra roll of toilet paper is always behing the yellow curtain covering the window.The wifi may be sketchy. The outlet may go in and out with electricity but if you stay plugged in it should be fine. Drivers are hit or miss though there are really good ones like Anita & Andrew... I'll add more names as I learn them. They've started showing a safety video which is great for newbies and other folk who just don't know. Sometimes there's a movie which is a nice treat. And more often there's heat versus artic cold air coming out the vents. These buses usually run cold so bring an extra layer.", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "MEGABUS is MEGABUSTED.Their services are generally okay, but if you are traveling over the weekend, prepare for a huge headache by the time you get to your destination. I used to go to school near Philadelphia, so at one point I would use Megabus to travel between NY and Philly. I have two not-so-good moments with Megabus, that I'll briefly outline below:1. One time I was going to NY for the weekend. After waiting for the bus (which was late), we all board and the bus finally departs. About 5 blocks from the bus stop, the best-case scenario happens. We get into a car crash. The bus driver tried to change lanes but bumped a car while doing so. Luckily, no one was hurt, but we all had to wait for the police to show up and write a report. After an 1h and 30m of waiting and no police in sight, the bus driver took the liberty of just driving off. MEGABUSTED.2. I was going home to NY for Thanksgiving. My friend and I got to the Philly Megabus stop about 45 minutes early and noticed a huge crowd already waiting. We thought that everyone else had decided to come extra early, but no. the previous bus never showed up on time. When it came time for my bus to depart, there were already two bus-loads of people waiting to board. The bus driver was letting people board on a first-come-first serve basis. As my friend and I approach the front of the line, we became hopeful that we will get on. But right as we were about to board, the driver tells everyone there is no more room. I watched the doors close right in front of my face. We had to wait for the next bus (45m later). \xa0I don't know why I kept using Megabus for so long.Note to people traveling from Philly to New York on the weekends: the bus from Philly is usually about 45 minutes late.", 'stars': '3.0'}
{'review': "I will never bolt bus AGAIN. Got tickets cheap -16 bux round trip for 2 to Philly from NY (bought them way in advance though). Got on at Port Authority (perfect if you're the type that needs a bathroom all the time) at 6 am. It was a little confusing which line to stand on but it was clarified by an attendant. Oh and they have stands that tell you where to wait depending on your destination UNLIKE BoltBus. No hanky panky boarding the bus either!Double decker heaven! The wifi worked though spotty and the adapters worked. The ride was smooth and they let us off at 8th St in Philly - which is great (30th St is far from the city center). My only beef was on the return trip back to NYC. They changed drivers without announcing, didn't know why we had pulled over to a parking lot. But other than that I would do this again!", 'stars': '2.0'}
{'review': 'Megabus caught my attention when they had the "free tickets promotions". \xa0I\'m drafting this review as I\'m on the megabus to washington DC from NYC and this is my 3rd megabus ride and the 1st I actually paid full price for. \xa0I decided to test out the outlet for the first time so I plugged in my smartphone and its not all perfect..going on/off- which would give me an anxiety attack if my phone is not already fully charged. \xa0As for the wifi, I\'ve never tried so I can\'t comment on that. \xa0Overall, I had really good past experience with megabus (to philly, boston), no problems so far. \xa0Bus leaves on time and check- in process is quick..pretty efficient', 'stars': '4.0'}
{'review': 'I recently took Megabus from NYC to Philly for Labor Day Weekend (Made In America Festival). I was a little disappointed that I ordered the tickets and when I boarded the outbound bus to Philly, it wasn\'t a "Megabus". It was some other charter bus company that didn\'t have any of the standard Megabus amenities (free wi-fi or power outlets). There was air conditioned though! \xa0Coming back from Philly wasn\'t so great either, the bus isn\'t always inspected (like they say on their intro video) because I sat right next to a non-working outlet and the AC was on EXTRA LOW (it might as well have been off). The entire bus was so hot & the coolest place was the bathroom believe it or not! Overall, they\'re great for their prices (inbound & outbound) and get you to your destination in record time. I just wish they made sure the ride would be more comfortable for their patrons.....wi-fi & working outlets are a big deal !!!', 'stars': '4.0'}
{'review': "If you want to travel to Philly from NYC on a Friday evening, I do not recommend taking the mega bus. I've taken this bus two times too many and compared to my great experience with Bolt Bus, Megabus is a joke. It was an hour late leaving NY and once we get into Philly it makes two stops and then LEISURELY meanders through the local streets of Philly rather than the faster and more convenient highway to 30th Street. Returning to NY, I have to say was worse than leaving it. The bus was half an hour late leaving Philly and 15 minutes through the ride the lights shut off so no one can read. And then, in New Brunswick, we have to change busses for some reason unknown to 3/4 of the passengers because an audible announcement was not made. All in all, an hour and a half was piled on to a trip that was supposed to take just two hours. Megabus leaves one feeling less like a valued customer and more like a dumb sheep.", 'stars': '3.0'}
{'review': 'Waiting on line in the cold for a bus that was about 15 mins late is why it lost a star. However, i give it a high rating bc unlike the Boltbus, there\'s a second level where (if you\'re lucky and first in line) you get to sit in the front and get a nice view of the road. I also commend Megabus bc of the organized way they have people line up. Some ignorant people tried to step in and say "No, we are going first bc these people right here cut in line!" The megabus dude goes "wtf, we don\'t have time for this childish bs. front of the line is here. let\'s get on the bus already." After that, everything else was smooth sailin.The lady bus driver made the announcements on the bus and was super friendly and professional. I recommend as second choice to Boltbus. Both have wireless and outlets to charge your phone/laptops.', 'stars': '2.0'}
{'review': "This was a very interesting experience to say the least.First off, the trek to the Boston stop -- the nearest subway is at 34th and 8th and the Boston stop is located between 11th and 12th at 34th. Therefore.... don't go during a hurricane warning or when you have a lot of stuff, because that will be the day that they'll stop running the crosstown bus or break your umbrella (both of those things happened to me, of course)! Everything about the experience was a little strange -- our bus was scheduled to leave at 6:10, but when we got there, there were still people in line for the 4:10 and 5:30 buses, as those buses went MIA. It was unknown if any of our busses would arrive, and the only thing we could do was stand and wait. (Also note that the stops are on the street, so there's no overhead cover.)After we got on our bus, I thought things would be OK... until we got to who-knows-where, CT. Then, the driver got on the intercom, said his fuel light went off, so he has to turn around and get gas... what? So we TURNED AROUND, drove back about 30 minutes to some sketchy office in New Britain. We were told to get out of the bus, and hang out in the strange office until further notice. So all 90 of us used their bathroom, got snacks from their vending machine, and watched the Bruins game until the driver honked at us to get back onto the bus. To their credit, the bus reeked of gas, but I'm still unclear as to why we had to get gas there... Moral of the story: the total trip time ended up being 6 hours during which time the majority of people were completely soaked from the rain and freezing, because the AC was on full blast. Not cool Megabus, not cool...", 'stars': '2.0'}
{'review': "While I love the Megabus I can only give it a three star rating because I pretty much hate the bus in general. \xa0Stick me on a train any day and I'll be a happy man, but the slow, traffic prone bouncy bus is another story.All of that aside. \xa0I think Megabus is by far your best bet for getting back and forth from NYC to Boston. \xa0Since its the double decker and has more seats than the normal bus I've pretty much always gotten my own seat (not sure if that is good for business). \xa0The double decker also makes it great cause you can sit up top in the front of the bus and feel like you are sitting in the front seat of a car. \xa0The wifi and power outlets make the trip a bit more tolerable.Megabus just switched from Back Bay to South Station in Boston. \xa0Makes it much easier for anyone in Boston living near the red line to use Mega....the transfer to the orange was a pain before. \xa0Hopefully the switch to south station won't make the bus more crowded....I want my own seat.Only complaint about Mega is that I think they take a different route than Bolt. \xa0Might be because they are limited on the roads they can travel on b/c of the bus size. \xa0The route basically takes you through all of Manhattan before you get on any major road.", 'stars': '3.0'}
{'review': 'This bus was fine. I did bolt a few days before and it was better in that it had more leg room and the wifi was more reliable. \xa0It would be great if they could have covered stops....we got rained on.', 'stars': '3.0'}
{'review': 'My wife and I took Megabus from Boston to NYC last night. The first thing we noticed was that even though we purchased a ticket on Megabus the trip would be on an American coach bus (which to say the least, had seen better days). Upon entering the bus the first thing that struck us was the filth. Crumbs on every chair, some smeared ketchup on the floor, in a word disgusting!About two hours into the trip there was a funny smell in the bus, a few passengers agreed that this does not seem right and one went to speak to the driver. He said "I smell it to, it\'s probably the breaks", from this point on we did not feel safe. Were the breaks going to fail? Is a burning smell from the breaks normal?TLDR, take any other bus company if you can!', 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "DO NOT TAKE THIS BUS! My first time taking this bus and it will be the last time. I took it from NYC to Boston and back. They are always late and the drivers don't avoids traffic routes. On my way back to NYC the 12pm bus never took off because one side of the bus is leaning over so they can't put any passengers on it. (Why didn't they check before they send the bus to the station?) Don't take this bus unless you plan on taking a 5-6 hours nap. I'd prefer driving next time because I don't have to waste time for no reason, not to mention expensive! Also, as the other reviewer said, the bus is always freezing! A passenger kindly asked on behalf of the everyone to bring up the temperature and the driver says he has no control over it that the bus is set to 71 degrees at all times. I find it hard to believe. I paid 75.00 round trip for a bus that is late, freezing, and potentially unsafe? Nope sorry.", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "MegaBus - While you are still a bit classier than Fung-wah but you are still not first class. \xa0For such cheapy cheap cheap prices, I can't complain, can I? \xa0For $20 roundtrip I will be going to Providence this weekend. \xa0Shoot, that's like 4 trips to Starbucks for me. \xa0Plus, me not driving my car in twenty degree weather is clutch (no pun intended).", 'stars': '3.0'}
{'review': "If I was basing this on my 2nd Megabus experience, I'd be begging Yelp (again) for the right to give zero stars. \xa0But, I'm giving them an extra one because my first experience was very good.The first time around we were going to D.C. as part of a trip to something called Hillbilly Days (more on this in future reviews). \xa0The bus left and got in on time, and on the way back we were able to get on an earlier bus that got home early. \xa0I had no problems, and was all set to use Megabus again.Then came the 2nd time. \xa0This trip I was headed to Philly for the always fun Manayunk Bike Race. \xa0I had booked a trip on the 12:45 bus but realized about 10:30 I would miss it and would need to take the next one. \xa0To make sure I got a space (it was Saturday so I figured space may be limited), I bought another ticket to the 1:45 before I left the house.Now Megabus seems to use a third party to actually charge your card, because you get one e-mail which confirms you card has been charged, then you get a second e-mail from them with your confirmation. \xa0Shortly after I bought the second ticket, I got the payment confirmation, but never got a reservation number.About 30-45 minutes before the bus was to leave, I called Megabus. Something like this actually happened for my first trip, but there I got an error message when I bought the tickets and when I called they were able to send me a confirmation of my reservation. \xa0This time, no error message. \xa0But, the people on the phone told me that while my card was charged, there was an error on their end, so I had no confirmation, AND, to make things even more fun, I now couldn't get on the 1:45 because it was full, so I would have to wait for the 2:45.If you know me at all, you know this did not make me happy. \xa0I went back and forth with the woman for a few minutes and finally got off the phone saying I would never use them again and couldn't wait to pay more money to Boltbus the next time I was traveling by bus.Now here's where things get fun. \xa0I noticed the line for the 1:45 to Philly didn't seem long at all, and I realize that I still have my reservation from the 12:45 bus. \xa0So, I go across the street to the in-person ticket stand and pay yet another $5 to have my trip switched from 12:45 to 1:45 and am told that there is plenty of room. \xa0I get on ths bus, which is more than half empty, and make my way to Philly.My life may be a clusterf*ck, but I don't want my trips to be. Never again Megabus.", 'stars': '2.0'}
{'review': "perfectly suitable form of transportation. \xa0please keep in mind that if you pay $25 round trip to boston, don't expect to be handed first class service. \xa0wifi. outlets throughout the bus. \xa0at least it had a bathroom??my buses have been on time.the last time, there was this crazy lady sitting near me who had her feet up on the table and was biting her nails and spitting them at the guy next to me. \xa0followed by some sort of verbal exchange. \xa0i don't think that's the fault of megabus though...haha.i'll definitely use them again.", 'stars': '3.0'}
{'review': "Get there early...or else you'll not get the seat you want. \xa0They have to book like an airline, to account for no shows, so there may be overbooking. \xa0The bus was a double decker, it had plugs, and wifi (even though my computer couldn't find the wifi for some reason). \xa0The bus driver was good, left sort of on time, and got to Boston 15 min early (NYC - Boston).Plus, it cost $17 bucks. \xa0You get what you pay for (and in my case, I got more). \xa0Driving it yourself would've cost more...so, enjoy the fact that you aren't driving that trip for such a small amount. \xa0If things go haywire, go on Amtrak next time!", 'stars': '4.0'}
{'review': "Overall a good price for a roundtrip ticket from NYC to DC and back. The driver wasn't the best and had a few short breaks/stops which made everyone fly forward...Another bus broke down in Delaware and we had to pick up a few passengers, which made the trip a little longer. On the bus, more than half the outlets didn't work (many people bring laptops and like to charge their phones but could not). I have heard that Bolt Bus is better from people who have taken both - I might try that next time.", 'stars': '3.0'}
{'review': "More like MEGABUST (hi-yoooo).Awful, absolutely awful. I've taken it from Boston - NY, and from NY - Boston, and regardless of the destination, it's always late. ALWAYS. ALWAYS. In my 10-15 trips on the Megabus, not once has it left on-time. Which invariably leads to it arriving late. And the Labor Day 2010 weekend trip was the worst travel-related experience through which I've ever suffered, as our bus was 2.5 hours late to depart, and took over 5 hours on the road.Disorganized, heavy, plodding, consistently late. RIDE IT IF YOU DARE. But please don't dare.", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "WORST BUS COMPANY EVER. Buses are consistently late and the Megabus workers are absolutely useless and do not \xa0communicate anything to the masses of people waiting. The new drop off spot on 34th &11th is so far off the beaten path that it's a $15 cab ride from almost anywhere in the city. When the bus actually shows up, you have a 50/50 shot of riding in a disgusting replacement CoachUSA bus that they've overbooked based on the double decker bus capacity, so you'll have to wait AGAIN. The outlets and wifi rarely work, they take the worst/slowest routes into NYC, and the bus drivers are rude and are horrible drivers. This bus service is just a rip off- double the price of Lucky Star and somehow WAY WORSE SERVICE. Never again.", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': 'I\'ve taken the NYC/Philly and NYC/Boston routes a few times each. \xa0I don\'t like to complain about budget bus service; you can\'t squawk very much if someone is driving you 200 miles for a few bucks. \xa0But some people still seem to think that Megabus is a decent alternative to the cheap but somewhat icky (and located-in-Chinatown) Chinatown buses. \xa0It isn\'t. \xa0The only thing it consistently has going for it is its accessible location near Penn Station. \xa0It\'s true that sometimes you can get tickets for $1. \xa0But, you get what you pay for. \xa0Half the time the amenities you hope to get (more space and comfort, wi-fi, power outlets) are out of commission, or are outweighed by the inconvenience of waiting outside for over an hour and arriving at your destination way behind schedule.The "bus station" or "waiting area" is usually a street corner, only identifiable because it has a mob of angry people and luggage on it. \xa0People have to wait outside in the rain/freezing cold/unbearable heat, and often for a long-ass time; you have to get there early to get your preferred seat, AND the buses are always late. \xa0The staff has to yell at all the passengers to "organize" the "waiting area." \xa0It\'s some people\'s idea of what hell might be like. \xa0They\'ve finally upgraded to a gate at South Station in Boston, but still, the angry mob remains because the buses consistently run 45 minutes to an hour or more behind schedule.', 'stars': '2.0'}
{'review': "I didn't realize that sometimes the wifi isn't working and there isn't a damn thing the driver can/will do about it. \xa0They just tell you to wait and see if it comes back on. \xa0Pray for a miracle? \xa0Thanks but no thanks. \xa0So if you are considering taking Mega for the free wifi, realize that you are taking your chances with that. \xa0Also, the plugs didn't work (again) so even if I did have wifi I would have been limited to my less than stellar battery life. \xa0I take Mega from Albany to NYC when I am in Albany to see my brother but it is a bit further to get to than the normal bus station in Albany and only really worth it for the tables it offers downstairs.", 'stars': '2.0'}
{'review': "If you value either 1) your sanity or 2) your time or 3) if you are like me who values both, then you shouldn't subject yourself to riding megabus. The company has a reputation of being perpetually late. I learned this the hard way (and from other passengers). My DC to NYC trip took a bit over 6 hours. First off, the driver was driving as slow as mudderfocking hell. In fact, I was riding on the 10am bus when my friends who were on the 10:30 bus passed my bus right outside of Baltimore. We waved sadly at each other. Then, there was this issue towards the end of the trip, where the driver spent about 40 minutes driving around in circles in the city because he was apparently lost. This started a riot as the riders started to kirk out. Half of the bus population was screaming profanity at the driver with a few punches nearly thrown. The people just wanted to get out... which the driver stubbornly refused to let anyone off until he dropped us off at the pick up point AFTER driving right past the drop off point. Yeah, I didn't get it either. I don't how I end up in the weirdest situations. Oh yes, I shall not forget to mention that while the 10:30 bus that my friends were on was running somewhat on time, they had no AC. It was broken. On a 107 degree mid-summer day. Double decker bus full of people, baking. Suffocation, no breathing. [Megabus] Don't give a fuck if someone starts bitchin'. At any rate, the whole no AC thing seems to be another theme with megabus as I have come to learn. Upon my return trip, the bus was late yet again. When I got in line for my 2:30 bus, the 1:30 bus passengers had a collective look of dying+wanting to bite the first megabus employee's head off. The subsequent buses were also running late in some sort of weird cascading effect. Without going into too much detail of how miserable it was, let's just say you are standing outside on a blacktop on a blazing hot day for a couple of hours only to get into an oven, I mean, bus. Suffice to say I would recommend Bolt bus or Vamoose. No one deserves the physical and mental torture that is megabus. In the name of jeebus, save yourself don't book with mega. The people deserves better.", 'stars': '2.0'}
{'review': "It's hard for me to review bus companies as they're very cheap and i hope you're not expecting anything glamorous.Travelling between DC and NYC for 5-19 round-trip is just oh so nice, it's just hard to complain. I, like you, much prefer taking Amtrak for the convenience and comfort but i love to save money at the same time. I can only vouch for their Philadelphia, DC, and Baltimore route as I've made stops in all of them, so...I've never had the displeasure of being held up so cannot complain there. I really like the fact that they don't stop along the way and waste everyone's time. I mean, the ride is only 3.5 hours to DC - you just need to be a bit proactive and bring yourself a snack. If you must be in a particular spot at a certain hour, use Amtrak. If you're flexible - go megabus.clean.comfortable.cheap.", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "If you really need a cheap ride go with Megabus. Probably much better than those illegal bus services that have been getting into accidents. Did I tell you they have free wifi which isn't the best, but just okay. At least get your tickets a month in advance for a decent price.", 'stars': '4.0'}
{'review': "Great if you don't mind getting in 3 hours late!I've taken every bus line and made the trip from NYC to boston over 50 times and this was one of the worst.Yeah, first off we stood in line watching empty megabus after empty megabus go just until it eventually started raining. \xa0They were an hour late even though the operator told us another 10 min. which became 20. There was no organization when boarding as people literally pushed each other to get on.The driver actually announced that they have had food left on the bus & ended up having a roach infestation so be careful leaving you bags on the floor!The wifi didn't work, the many outlets didn't work, and the lights don't even turn down all the way so you get a green light in your face the whole time.The driver decided to take I95 on a friday night which is already a bad idea, but this time there was construction reducing the lanes to one until I91. How did he not know this!? \xa0This was obviously not new to the area and he just got back from Boston. \xa0We sat in traffic for 2.5 hrs and there was no effort to try another route. \xa0These drivers obviously don't care or are very smart as every other bus was getting off exits to get around the traffic. \xa0No, not this guy and no announcements were made either. \xa0Most people had no idea that we still had 3 more hours to go!Never again!We did get to Boston in one piece so I guess that's a plus.", 'stars': '3.0'}
{'review': "Really not a fan of Megabus Anymore. A few consecutive trips with not so great things happen can so it to you. Time #1 from DC to Philly involved the driver not knowing how to deal with a downtown Philly traffic and us arriving 30 min late. Time #2 involved NYC to Philadelphia and us not leaving anywhere close to on time. This current RT event between Philly and NYC, I got an outlet that said led my phone to go between charging and not charging the entire ride. While boarding in NYC and Philly, it's so unorganized and so unclear which lines are which especially when you have multiple buses going to the same city. When the employees have no idea if there are seats left on the bus, that's a problem too. \xa0I mean it should really not be that difficult. There's also the issue of in NYC specifically. \xa0The past 3 times I've used megabus to NYC, I've boarded to go home at 3 different locations. \xa0This past time it was 11th and 34th, prior to that, 9th and 34th. \xa0It gets obnoxious to constantly have to figure out where you're boarding every time you're leaving somewhere", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "If everything goes well, Megabus is a cheap, no frills, way to get to NYC. \xa0But when things fall apart, they really do. \xa0First, Megabus sent an email saying the bus would arrive late. \xa0Then I arrived, I saw a bus pulling out and thought that was the 10 am bus. \xa0I thought fine, I'll call and move the reservation to the next bus, since I had planned for plenty of time to make a connection. \xa0Unfortunately, the first person I talked to was incompetent. \xa0She was like a robot and kept repeating that I needed to buy another ticket. \xa0Given the unpredictability of the first bus, I did not think this was fair. \xa0She did not even think to check on the location of the bus, or confirm that the bus I saw was in fact the 10 am bus. \xa0Luckily, the second person I talked to, Alex, was quite helpful. \xa0He confirmed that I saw the 9 am bus that had also arrived late and that I could simply board the 10 am when it arrived. \xa0In the end, a different bus showed up, but I and everyone else got on and are heading to NYC (fingers crossed)!", 'stars': '2.0'}
{'review': "Bad company. Frequently very late which is especially bad when it is cold and there is no indoor waiting area. Service people have a bad attitude and are not honest about how late buses are. They don't ever apologize.", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "I have ridden megabus from New York to Philly and back twice and two of my sisters have ridden the bus from Philly to New York roundtrip. Every.Single.Trip.Was. Late.According to the schedule on their website, it takes 2 hours to make the trip. One of my trips took 4 hours. My shortest trip was 2.5 hours. \xa0Needless to say, the constant lateness (and rude drivers who talk on their cell phones for the entire trip!) is irritating and makes it hard to plan anything after your trip. Definitely don't rely on their time table!Oh yeah, and the free wireless is spotty at best.Next time I will take Bolt bus or pony up for Amtrak.", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': 'I have taken roundtrips from Albany, NY to N.Y.C. three time,s and was immensely pleased with EVERY aspect of the service.My wife and step-daughter have taken this trip numerous times.On one occasion the bus hit a dear, and on one occasion there was a mechanical breakdown.On these occasions the fares were refunded; once automatically, and once following several emails and telephone calls.Overall, I love MegaBus, although I must respect the opinions of others, as their experiences were largely the polar opposites of mine.', 'stars': '5.0'}
{'review': 'One star is one too many. If you want to get to your destination late then this is the bus company to use. \xa0My daughter uses Megabus to come to New York from Baltimore. \xa0She has never left on time. \xa0Their buses are consistently two to three hours late. Avoid them at all cost.', 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "Ok it's dirt cheap, but, you know what they say. \xa0You get what you pay for. \xa0Although their buses are nice, clean and fairly new, it left the station 1/2 hour late. \xa0To add insult to injury. The restroom was all out of hand sanitizer. \xa0Then, when we were just apprx 10 miles from final destination, the bus pulls over to change drivers??? \xa0It's now 45 min past arrival time and were still on the road! \xa0I'll try Bolt Bus next time. \xa0I'm willing to pay few more dollars if it gets me there closer to the stated time of arrival!", 'stars': '2.0'}
{'review': "Just coming off an insane experience with Megabus. Read the whole exchange here: dropbox.com/s/gy5c22pqpvHands-down the worst customer service experience I have ever had -- they are not only incompetent, but somehow aggressively awful at it. Persistent in just how terribly they can treat their customers.In short:* Bus was late. We all waited 2 hours 45 minutes in pouring rain for it. Staff on site misled all of us and were real dicks.* Called customer service 7 times while waiting. All customer service representatives were useless. Some were dicks. They repeatedly lied about where the bus was and would be. Then they told me the bus had already left while I was still waiting for it along with a hundred other people.* Emailed customer service afterward. No response for weeks.* Persisted in emailing. Finally a form-letter response.* After some more form-letter back-and-forth, they finally insist the bus left 79 minutes after scheduled departure, when it actually left 165 minutes after. Their records are incorrect, but they stick to their guns. (God bless 'em.)* I tell them they're wrong, over and over, and they insist they are correct about the departure time. Even though I was there, and they were not. So, I suppose they're calling me a liar or an idiot.Just insane.Anyway yeah do not ever use Megabus, ever. They are the worst.", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': 'Well after reading some of these reviews I guess I just got lucky. \xa0My very first time using Megabus to go from New York City to Baltimore Maryland. \xa0The fare was $17.50 total and I got there 15 minutes ahead of the scheduled time. \xa0The bus was more than half empty and very clean. \xa0I didn\'t even know about the outlets and WIFI, I brought an old fashioned paperback "Lord of the Flies" and finished about half of it. \xa0I had a good time, this time, so I\'d probably try them again.', 'stars': '5.0'}
{'review': 'Greyhound creeps me the hell out, so why, oh why would I ever want to take a coach bus anywhere in life again! \xa0Megabus was a trillion times better. The outdoor bus "station\' was clearly marked with a separate line for each city stop. \xa0Organized and on point, the bus left right on schedule. \xa0I felt like I was on a flight as we watched a safety video. \xa0Each seat reclined back and had an outlet to plug in your cell phone or computer, netbook, iPad or shaving kit to charge. The standby option is great also. \xa0If you have an existing reservation and there is a seat on another bus, all you do is pay the "five" and you are good to go. \xa0My only complaints were a couple of people being over-the-top obnoxious on their phone calls and the non-existent legroom, but other than that I had the best bus ride in a very long time.', 'stars': '4.0'}
{'review': 'So the price can\'t be beat, that\'s for damn sure.A bus ticket from NY to DC for 3 dolla!?!??!?!?!?!?!?! You can\'t shake a stick at that shit! Unbelievable deal.Unfortunately prices aren\'t consistent. Tickets can cost up to $23.... still not bad, but compared to the amazing $3 it seems like a fortune.Depending on traffic, you can arrive on time, or you can arrive several hours later.They blast the A/C which is great considering it\'s hotter than hell, but after a half hour it starts getting chilly. I recommend a sweater.Sitting in the front of the 2nd level is my favorite place to be. Feels like you\'re kinda floating above the road. It\'s fucking scary though when the bus tries to make a close turn. Gripping the arm rests, closing your eyes tightly "I don\'t wanna die, I don\'t wanna die, I don\'t wanna die..."In Hartford, they just kinda drop you off on the side of the highway, which blows because I go to Hartford fairly often, and getting dropped on the side of the road sucks. Price can\'t be beat though. Wish they had stewards on the bus to bring you drinks and snacks...... I\'d pay a couple bucks extra for that.. maybe...', 'stars': '3.0'}
{'review': "I used to take this bus frequently, about once a month round trip. But even with that level of loyalty, and the fact that they have started catering to the richer populations by allowing seat reservations, this service isn't fair to its loyal customers. I had to cancel a ticket that was only 30 dollars the day before I had to leave, but because it wasn't exactly 24hours before, they wouldn't even give me credit even though I wanted to buy TWO 50 dollar tickets instead. They would rather stick to their policy instead of making more money, and they can't cut their customers some slack? Even JetBlue has given me credit when something has come up and relaxed their 24 hour policy. The wifi on these buses barely work, and their bathrooms are always disgusting. The pick up location in NyC is also SO out of the way and inconvenient. There have also been a number of times in Vermont that the bus was unavailable so a different company bus had to be chartered, and when that happens it's always disastrous. Their customer service is what is going to bring them down.", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "Worst company. We bought tickets from New York to Boston for January 3 2014. However there was a storm and blizzard affecting both states. The company's website was not updated. We sent 3 emails asking if the services will be as planned, asking if we can use our tickets for the next day and asking if we are eligible for a refund. We never received a reply. We also tried calling them. Again, no response. This company is irresponsible to say the least.", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "My first trip to NYC on Megabus. \xa0I left out of hartford CT and it was easy to change locations on the return trip. \xa0the bus was on time, and a little early getting to NYC. \xa0the drop off was good . \xa0I read the reviews on the different location to leave NYC in which I was a bit nervous about the not so great reviews. \xa0But leaving 9 :am this morning I didn't feel that the walk out there from the hilton on 36th street was difficult at all, and was very pleased to see the organized manner in which the attendants lined you up for your bus stop, and there was some carts with food, water, coffee for those that needed it. \xa0The attendants were also very friendly. \xa0 and the bus, again on time , was very comfortable. \xa0For the price, I was very pleased with the ease of traveling to the city and back.", 'stars': '5.0'}
{'review': 'My letter to Megabus: My entire body is sore this morning from having to handle baggage while waiting for a 7 PM megabus operated by Eastern Travel on Thursday, April 9. I waited standing up in the cold for a total of 4 hours, from 6:30 - 10:30 when I was finally able to board a bus by begging the dispatchers to let me on. The entire system is messed up and horrific. There was an older lady begging to be allowed to sit down on a chair near the dispatchers. She was supposed to board a 9 PM bus. \xa0The whole experience is traumatizing. There were hundreds of disgruntled people in the cold, only 2 dispatchers, and chaos everywhere. No one knew what was going on, I called Megabus who connected me to Eastern travel and told me that a bus broke down and they were sending one over. Then the dispatchers told me that the bus was sent over to Chinatown where all of our seats were sold. The other egregious thing was that all the 7 PM riders were forced to the back of the priority behind the other megabus riders. So we were constantly being pushed back in line and not accommodated on the 8 PM, 9 PM, and 10 PM buses because we had selected an option that said "operated by Eastern Travel." It was awful. If someone had told us what was going on, I would\'ve left a long time ago. But because even the dispatchers were unsure and trying to be helpful, I was strung along for a total of 4 hours. I\'m lucky I didn\'t catch a cold. However, I am extremely tired, lethargic, and sore today.You can be sure I will blog about this and recommend the other services: MVP, Goto, Bolt, etc. I am also disgruntled enough to write to the better business bureau and any other government organization that monitors businesses. I can\'t believe you ran your business this way. Also, to have only 2 misinformed, ill-equipped dispatchers out that day is awful. You obviously didn\'t accommodate the travel weekend because one of the dispatchers told me he was supposed to be off that day. You should have seen the ratio of passengers to dispatchers. Awful.Whose brilliant idea was it to bring Eastern travel into this? The whole reason for taking Megabus is to get away from the poorly managed, unstructured chinatown bus operations. Whoever your decision makers are don\'t realize the key consumer rationale behind taking megabus.', 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "I rely on Megabus to between Philly and NYC and they do one thing that really pisses me off: When I buy tickets online it says that the only Philly stop is 30th St. Station and that the trip will be 2 hours. So I plan my trip accordingly--2 hours to NYC, and 2 hours to come back. But every time I'm on that bus it makes an extra stop at 6th and Market adding about 20-30 minutes to the trip each way. Yo, Megabus, let people take SEPTA if they want to go to the Liberty Bell. And the other 99% of us can make it to and from New York in just 2 hours right off the highway without yous having to navigate yous big blue buses through rush hour traffic. Cool? Thanks.", 'stars': '3.0'}
{'review': 'Nice buses, especially double deckers. Quick 2 hour ride up/back to Philly. Convention Center as well as 20th St ( not listed on web site ). Cheap prices, even cheaper if booked more than month in advance. Beats driving ( Philly parking not so good ) Much better than the crappy Greyhound line...', 'stars': '5.0'}
{'review': "Boston to NYC round trip.Overall, my experience was a positive one, although I have one major complaint \xa0 - the buses arrived over one hour late both ways. I agree with previous reviewers - why advertise an unrealistic travel time of 4hrs 15 mins? My expectations would have been handled much better if the projected travel time was posted at 5 hrs - there will always be traffic in NYC, so who is kidding whom here.Other than that, I had a positive experience - my power outlet worked, the bus appeared clean, although I did not use the bus bathroom, so I can't vouch for its condition. The seats were not the most comfortable, but not too terrible.", 'stars': '3.0'}
{'review': "Not really sure why there's been so many issues reported on this page. I've used them 4 times and never had a problem- though I'm sorry to hear others have. True the lack of a terminal is a little inconvenient, and the lines do get a bit chaotic sometimes, but the ultimate miracle of megabus is the cheap price. Round trip from NYC to albany for less than $30? And I could've probably done cheaper had I booked further in advance? I payed more money on trailways going from oneonta to albany. For this amount of money I didn't expect much from the buses- but was surprised at how \xa0quality they ended up being. They were clean, had AC, fairly kept bathrooms, wify (that was inconsistent but did work well occasionally). Seats could probably use a little more cushioning. It seems some of the reviews are nitpicky with stuff like wify or working outlets. Ideally it would be better to have these work, but for the amount of money I payed, it really just doesn't bother me that much when they don't.All my rides departed on time, though one of them was about an hour late arrival back to Manhattan due to traffic in the lincoln tunnel.Overall I would definitely recommend this for anyone wanting to travel on a budget.", 'stars': '4.0'}
{'review': "An update on the bootleg horror porn saga below:Finally, after I submitted a claim to the Better Business Bureau of Illinois (where Megabus has its HQ) and a month of waiting while they ignored notice after notice from the BBB, I received my requested refund.I also got an e-mail from a staffer saying, Oops, meant to issue you a refund, but it was my first day on the job, so I was kinda busy. No Megabus, you never meant to issue me a refund. Don't lie to me. You made me fight through the consumer channels of the BBB to even have hope that this might get resolved.", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': 'We rode to DC with no AC. We scurried from our lunch at Local around the corner to the megabus stop, checked in with one of the russlers and were standing in the sun waiting to board the 2:30 to DC when we learned the news. Our bus, which was sitting at the curb empty, had been hit by a car. Really, now? They don\'t call it megabus for nothing. It is a big, huge royal blue bus. So this person who hit our bus was originally dropping off a passenger for another bus. So she leaves her vehicle in the accident pose and stands across the street (in the shade) waiting for the police. Meanwhile, as already stated, all however many of us megabus passengers stood patiently baking in the sun (to maintain our spots in line, y\'know). M.V.P. bus left. Deluxe left. The Vamoose guy was chillin. And megabus passengers baked for 40 minutes. In the sun. Finally, they scraped up a replacement bus for us from somewhere. Woo-hoo! The line is moving! I\'m on! I got a seat! The bus is cranked up! We\'re moving! Yay! Wait a minute. There are beads of sweat EVERYWHERE! My forehead, my neck, and running down my back. Ugh. And they were not just on me. Beads of sweat were on many other passengers, too, even the upstairs folks, came down to ask about the AC. "This is as good as it gets folks." Is all the driver would say. So not only did we bake for FORTY minutes in the sun, in line. But now we\'re baking for FOUR HOURS on the 2:30 to DC! Awww hail no. The final nail in the coffin of this ride for me was the power outlets. They weren\'t working either. My laptop needed a charge something awful and the outlets on the bus had no juice. Even after the driver flipped some switch. I will have to seriously consider all DC-NYC bus options before riding megabus again.', 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "Wanted to give Megabus another chance, but nope.First off, I understand that the Nuclear Summit is taking place in DC today, but couldn't Megabus have emailed out to its passengers that there would be a different departing point??? So on top of shelling out an extra $10 to cab it over to Union Station, the bus is packed full. We also then stop in Baltimore to pick up some more passengers.On top of that, the AC doesn't work. Add to that, this time around, the person sitting right freaking next to me is a fat dude spilling into my space AND HE SMELLS!!!!!!!!!!I hate you, Megabus. I will never ride you again.PS. Your reservation change policy sucks. So eff you again.", 'stars': '2.0'}
{'review': "Inexpensive, quick, direct, and comfortable are all qualities I look for when traveling. Megabus had all of these qualities. I would definitely travel with them again. Their trip from NYC to DC was very comfortable, and we got there in one piece after making a quick stop in Baltimore. I would get there about 30 minutes early, because people line up before the bus gets in. We were able to snag an entire back row and lay down for a 4 hour nap. I'd totally use them again.", 'stars': '3.0'}
{'review': 'i was planing to take the \xa0megabus for \xa0my NY - Toronto trip but reading the reviews thought it would be a pretty bad experience.But \xa0i couldnt find any alternative so decided to go for it . it turned out to be a pretty decent experience. + points - in NY its pretty much organized and there are separate waiting lanes for each destination .The bus came on time and started on time.The same for the return trip as well.The driver clearly announced where all would be the stops.The trip was comfortable and bus reached toronto more or less on timeThe rest room was OK.-ve -The \xa0ride was nt very comfortable. seems the bus suspension has a problem and it was \xa0bumpy even in the express way.not sure its coz i sat on the upper level.The seats are very crampedComing bak \xa0, the A/C was blasting and driver told he cant do anythin bt it.so jackets z \xa0a must.No foot rest. Overall it wasnt a bad trip probably since my expectations were very pretty low..', 'stars': '4.0'}
{'review': 'DO NOT TAKE MEGABUS. \xa0REPEAT - DO NOT TAKE MEGABUS. \xa0I took Megabus to NYC on Friday, June 6, 2014. \xa0The bus departed from Union Station in Washington, DC about 30 minutes late. \xa0Not a problem for me, but I got there very early to ensure I got seats together with my friends. \xa0I asked if the bus had any reserved seating (i.e, was it just general seating) and I was told it was general seating only. \xa0We got seats together and when we stopped at White Marsh before we went to NYC, we were screamed at for sitting in reserved seating. \xa0We were forced to move to other seats and were not able to sit together. \xa0POOR CUSTOMER SERVICE.Then, our bus broke down outside of Aberdeen, MD. \xa0There was absolutely no communication between the bus driver, the Megabus company or its passengers. \xa0We were practically left stranded and told that it would indefinite as to when a bus would arrive. \xa0I will NEVER take Megabus again. \xa0Good luck if you do. \xa0I am sure you will probably have a few decent rides, but if something goes wrong...you are screwed.', 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "megabus is the devil. I swear satan spawned it to give hope to people who want to pay for cheap transportation- little do people know that you have to give up 3 hours and your soul! WITHOUT FAIL- i had to wait for the stinking bus to come and then fight my way on. WHY FIGHT? well because the bus arrives so late that the passengers for the previous time never made it on, so that they will have on which ever bus arrives first. SO in turn bumping people back to the next bus. You know its bad, when even the employees of megabus pray that a fight doesn't break out. Do yourself a favor and book early and book boltbus.", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': 'My love affair with megabus has finally ended. What better way to save on gas & tolls during monthly trips to NYC right? Wrong! After several hour long delays and repeated bus malfunctions I refuse to be inconvenienced again. Word of wisdom: pay a couple extra bucks and go with Boltbus!', 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "My new favorite bus company for my frequent trips to boston.pros: double decker bus, cheap online tickets, sometimes they play a movie, bus is clean, wifi and electrical outlets, drop off in Backbay in Boston instead of South Stationcons: the route they take into and out of the city to boston is through the top of manhattan into the bronx... this is fine except for when there is traffic, so avoid this bus during Yankees games and rush hour. \xa0The seats are a little smaller and more cramped than other buses. \xa0Also, they make no food stop, yet somehow take 4 hours and 15 to 30 minutes to get to Boston from NYC whereas the other buses only take 4 and stop... \xa0And my last complaint is that there is no shelter for those waiting to board the bus (how about a little overhang or something?!) which is fine for now, but I'm not so sure I will be okay with that in January in the snow...", 'stars': '4.0'}
{'review': "I'm surprised by some of the reviews on here. I took this bus from NYC to Pittsburgh and have absolutely no complaints. And believe me, I'm not a bus person. The bus was nice, clean, spacious and had electrical outlets at every seat and free wifi. The bus driver was super nice! The rest stops were convenient and all instructions were clear and helpful. I would truly recommend this service to anyone in need of a bus! Thanks Megabus!", 'stars': '4.0'}
{'review': "I don't care what the ratings are... they where able to get my wife and I from point a to point b for $20 bucks... \xa0now that was a deal! \xa0I sat comfortably and they had wi-fi, so there you go... What more can you ask for from a bus ride?", 'stars': '4.0'}
{'review': "I've had a hellacious experience trying to book tickets for a simple round-trip on Megabus. Their website freezes up, they double charged me for tickets and no one ever answers their customer service line (I've tried several times to get through. It just rings back repeatedly). I'd recommend taking the Bolt Bus or even the Double Happiness before risking your sanity on the Megabus.", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "Megabus is cheap and had plentiful seats, but their service is unreliable. The buses are rarely on time and wifi works only half the time. If you're traveling on a high traffic day, you're better off using NJ Transit/Septa to get to Philly.", 'stars': '3.0'}
{'review': 'Avoid this bus service it all possible. \xa0I have taken this service twice. \xa0Both times have been nightmares. First off, the people who work for this service are a bunch of goons. \xa0They have little in the way of people skills, and don\'t bother to update you on delays. \xa0They don\'t explain where to line up, or how to register. \xa0Just figure it out on your own.None of the promised amenities work. \xa0On two trips, the lights, electric sockets, and wifi didn\'t work. \xa0The air was on too high on one trip, and we froze (dressed for a 90 degree day, and the air is set to "freeze" \xa0On the second visit, we roasted, with the air turned all the way down. \xa0Guess they didn\'t by the thermostat to set it at, say, 72 degrees or so. \xa0Bus drivers are no better. \xa0Speeding, riding up on other trucks/cars, beeping their Mega-Horn, just because they are pissed off, and not for danger. \xa0When you are getting close to your stop, no announcement like "we will be arriving in 5 minutes, so get your belongings together." \xa0Just, "this is the last stop. \xa0Get oof quick, so that we don\'t get a ticket."Oh, and did I mention the delays? \xa0the first time, they were 45 minutes late. \xa0The second time, was an hour and a half. \xa0WTF? \xa0They do this trip every day, and have been doing it for months/years. \xa0They don\'t know the traffic patterns by now? \xa0They intentionally heard you like cattle until the bus gets there, so on the off chance the bus gets there early (on time) they can pimp their on time stats. \xa0I WILL NEVER TAKE MEGABUS AGAIN.', 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "I would gladly give Megabus 5 stars (because I'm so grateful for its extremely low cost, the wonderfully consistent punctual service, the attractive and sanitary seats and bathrooms, the extremely personable drivers, and the convenient locations for pick-up and drop-off) but I have to deduct one star for what I found to be a confusing and inefficient check-in process and baggage check/claim, which makes waiting in line disorderly and unruly -- it's just a couple guys with some sort of checklist and a pencil (which they use to unintelligably scribble information on your confirmation sheet)... I've used this service to Philadelphia a few times for concerts at the Kimmel Center -- once everything gets going its pretty much ideal.", 'stars': '4.0'}
{'review': "I've been catching the Megabus for about 3 years now. In the beginning, it was great. However, lately it is consistently an hour to 4hrs late! This makes NO SENCE. When I spoke to CS, they are always evasive about what the real issues are. They always tell me that the supervisor is unable to speak with me. What company does not have a supervisor that is willing to speak with a customer to make sure they are satisfied? Megabus has scheduled buses at times when they do not even have a bus available to pick up the ticket holders. This should be illegal! The bus was late today and the CSR explained the they did not have a bus and therefor labeled it operation issues... Operation issues occur when a bus breaks down and is out of service but not when they don't even have a freaking bus. I will be taking my business elsewhere. Sometimes the savings just isn't worth it. I am a reasonable person and expect LIFE to happen but LIFE just happens too much with megabus. In the last 2 weeks, the bus has been late 1.5 hours coming and 4 hours returning! UNACCEPTABLE MEGABUS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "Took megabus from Boston to New York and they overbooked my trip. \xa0I was on time, there were just too many people on the bus. \xa0So I had to waste an hour waiting for the next bus. \xa0I didn't get any voucher or compensation. \xa0I expect to book a bus and be able to board. \xa0Will try other bus services henceforth. \xa0There is definitely a cattle call when it's time to board the bus, very unpleasant. \xa0The line can be unruly and disorganized.", 'stars': '2.0'}
{'review': "I had the misfortune to take their bus to Philly. They are the worst bus company in existence. Their buses are notorious for being late. My 6:40 bus was an hour and a half late! They don't give refunds. The workers herd you like cattle and give you serious attitude when you ask them a question about your bus. Not recommended at all. Take Bolt Bus instead.", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': 'Avoid at all costs if possible. Unsafe service, indifferent employees, and late arrival will be the standard if you use Megabus. My bus was over 2 hours late boarding and even after that the driver decided to take an unscheduled break halfway through delaying us another 90 minutes. Repeat, avoid at all costs!', 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "Mega's not an amazing ride but levels up from Greyhound. Buses are newer and cleaner (unless a ride gets overbooked and they bring the old buses). And except for one incident it's always left on time for me. I've noticed people are also nicer and more respectful of their cell phone convos than on Greyhound.I usually happen to get the same driver who makes me so nauseated with his stop and go jerky driving though. Sooo to prepare for such cases I sit near the front and try to have some sort of snack with me! And try to pass out asap.", 'stars': '3.0'}
{'review': "For my NYC to Boston or NYC to DC trips, I'm loyal to BoltBus. However, BoltBus does not go to Albany and Megabus does.Megabus is pretty good for how much it is. It's a much cheaper option to Albany than taking the Amtrak. Yes, there is a Greyhound/Adirondack Trailways bus to Albany but there are always lots of weirdos on Greyhound. Since Megabus tickets are only available on the web, this weeds out all the bums and weirdos who have to buy tickets in person.I've never had any problems with the actual bus service. The WiFi sucks but whatever. I wish Megabus had a rewards program like BoltBus does.", 'stars': '3.0'}
{'review': "Only took them once, to Albany, NY last March. Left from NYC, may have been a little late/disorganized but once we got on board it was fine (should mention there was no snow, rain so that probably helped) & we got there on time. Bolt's buses may be a little nicer but this wasn't bad; I'd take them again.", 'stars': '3.0'}
{'review': "The vastly superior Bolt Bus does not have weeknight buses that leave past 5:30pm from NYC to DC so I reluctantly bought a Megabus ticket for a 7:15 departure. I was wary because my friend and my sister have both had extremely frustrating experiences with Megabus and its lack of customer service and have sworn it off forever. I felt bad even giving them my \xa0business knowing how they've been screwed over. Bolt has raised the bar for my expectations of a low-fare bus ride so while Mega is far better than the average crappy Chinatown bus, it still has issues.The Good:- Bus stop sign- Called folks who purchased e-tickets first to board- Wifi (apparently only on some of the buses)- On time departure and arrival- Double-decker bus so capacity is presumably larger- It wasn't full so I got two seats to myself- Clean bus, spacious seats with decent legroomThe Bad:- No electrical outlets so even if there is wifi, it's only as good as your laptop battery will last- No overhead compartments on this bus. At a minimum, I like to stow my winter coat in an overhead compartment. - I think the shocks on the bus needed some fixing. I was bouncing up and down the whole ride. I don't have motion sickness but I was feeling nauseous throughout.- The driver made rest stop in NJ not so we could have a break but to switch drivers. That's another 5-10 additional minutes to the trip.- Makes a stop in B'More which is great if you're from there but I prefer a nonstop ride to DC.The only thing Megabus has over Bolt is the frequency of which it operates it buses. They run more often and have later hours. I had the good fortune of having an uneventful ride on Megabus and from what I know, it's when there are operational problems that it becomes a customer service nightmare.", 'stars': '3.0'}
{'review': "Yea okay. It's cheap. I only paid $2.50 total for my husband and I. A dollar per person plus a 50 cent fee for something or other. Our trip was from NYC to DC. They left 30 minutes late. ONE person was going to Baltimore and they had no clue who that person was. The stopped in Baltimore and no one got off so it wasted like 45 minutes of our time. The bus was clean and rather comfortable. Internet connection was weak. I wouldn't count on it working. But the trip to DC was practically free. So I shouldn't really complain.", 'stars': '3.0'}
{'review': 'I took the bus from Baltimore to NY and then from NY to CT (and back).  This was my first megabus experience and I am completely dissatisfied on all counts. \xa0It would have been easier to drive. The anxiety of this experience was not worth the cost', 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': 'I\'d like to tell you about the quality of the bus ride. \xa0But I can\'t. \xa0Because the bus didn\'t come. \xa0My family and I waited until about 8:15 for the 7:40 bus to Philadelphia. \xa0It didn\'t come. \xa0Neither did the 7:30 bus to Philadelphia, or the 8:15 bus to Philadelphia. \xa0The passengers for all three buses were just standing there mixed together in a massive, disorganized line, with no idea when or if we\'d get out of New York. \xa0It took a long time even to find someone who worked for Megabus, and when we did, he was no help; he didn\'t know where any of the three buses were or when they might come. \xa0When we asked him how long the delays *usually* were he said "could be about two hours." \xa0Eventually we gave up and took the train.Megabus is very cheap, obviously. \xa0It may make sense if you\'re very low on cash and don\'t care when you reach your destination. \xa0Otherwise, make a different choice.', 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "It's a fine cheap way to travel if you get your ticket early and don't have high expectations. I've had terrible experiences with the very late night buses not showing up, being over an hour late, being driven by rude cranky overextended drivers etc. The busses seem to run better during the day hours.", 'stars': '2.0'}
{'review': "ZERO STARS!!! To sum up my trip 2 hour maintenance delay, terrible service, horrid bus conditions... Coming back they didn't have a bus or driver scheduled so now I'm on a crap bus with a drive that has not only gotten us lost multiple times but now he has taken the wrong highway which has a two hour traffic jam! I had high hope for this trip and this bus company but they have forever lost a customer! I can only hope that others read this review and never take a chance with mega bus. Let's run this company to the ground and out of business!!!", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "Bus is 2 hours late and I'm still waiting. Apparently this happens all the time when you come out of the NYC station so why no disclaimer during rush hour traffic. Why not add an extra bus during rush hour or advertise the accurate time 1st and last time riding megabus! I'll pay the extra money for NJ transit", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "Horrendous. My outbound bus from NYC to Philly was 90 minutes late, and my return bus was 40 minutes late. Not only that, but on the return they started boarding a number of us onto the wrong bus! The free wifi also didn't work. Definitely won't be taking Megabus again.", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "This is basically a scam. Two times I've bought tix for this bus, and two times a bus never came after waiting for over an hour. No updates on what's happening. It's hard to find the words for my loathing of megabus.", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': 'For the price, they\'re an amazing deal.We paid $6 for a ride from NYC to Boston. How can they make money on this anyway? We missed our bus, so we waited for the standby for 1.5 hrs in the cold. Yeah. That SUCKED! The lines for the bus are outside unlike South Station, Boston, so you\'re at the mercy of the elements. However, they said they had room, so we walked across the street, paid an extra $5 to trade our tickets in for this bus and hopped on. We still found seats next to each other and the seats recline backwards. They have FREE wireless internet. NOT fast, but it\'s free! Bring your laptop and itouch. The lights are nice and bright, but bad if your "neighbor" is sleeping. They are not directional.You can store bags in the cargo area and bring on a bag to the bus.Even though they took off quite late and got stuck in heavy traffic in the city, they still only took about 4.25 hrs to drive from NYC to Boston. Good time.Affordable travel? YES! I just wish they had a bus shelter and had more room. Beware the reclining seats in front of you. They recline in your space and you\'ll have less leg room.', 'stars': '4.0'}
{'review': "Not the best schedule but it's clean, has wifi and outlets.I prefer to take back from nyc not to nyc... only good if you know the exact time your leaving.", 'stars': '4.0'}
{'review': "I took a Chinatown bus from New York to Boston years ago when visiting the east coast one summer. Now that I'm a bonafide New Yorker, I had to make the trip again. But this time, I opted for something a little more classy.I heard about Megabus through my friend Miguel d. - who accompanied me on my day trip to Boston - and he had great things to say, having used the company a few months prior for a trip to Washington D.C. We booked our tickets at the last minute, but we were able to score a couple for a decent price. I did notice that, before purchasing my tickets online, the prices would change every so often and fairly quickly. I originally was quoted $24 for a round trip ride, but I ended up paying $30. Moral of the story: buy your tickets early. And if you do it early enough, you might just score some of those fabled $1 tickets.The bus ride was decent, both there and back. Our bus to Boston had free WiFi, but the bus back, which wasn't an official Megabus bus, didn't offer that service, which was kind of a let down. I was impressed that we left promptly on time both ways; always a good thing when you take the first bus out and the last bus back like we did, and we just wanted to get on the road by that point. Friendly, professional, and safe drivers. And the pick up locations on both ends were very easy to find: 31st and 8th, NYC and South Station, Boston.Their mascot looks like one of those squat little Lego guys. It made me smile knowing I was riding on a bus with his image plastered on the outside of my window.", 'stars': '3.0'}
{'review': "Ummm my first experience on the Megabus was a little un-amazing. \xa0Our trip from NYC to Boston was fairly standard--departure and arrival on time. \xa0The only complaint was that the bathroom smelled pretty badly even before the trip started (we weren't even THAT close to it and it still smelled the whole way).Our return trip was a different story. \xa0As it was time to depart from the bus station, our driver is unable to back out of the spot. \xa0Literally, she had to call someone else to move the bus out of the parking spot for her. \xa0Bad omen right there. \xa0Then, as we approached NYC territory, the bus driver managed to get lost THREE times! \xa0So I guess on a positive note, we got bonus tours of north AND south bronx, and also harlem. \xa0I was almost embarrassed for the driver when the two girls in the front seat had to shout out directions to her on how to get to the 28th street destination. \xa0All in all, the trip took over 5 hours, without hitting any traffic :(I don't know if this sort of thing happens a lot on Megabus but for my first time using their company, it left a pretty bad impression on the types of drivers they hire. \xa0While I do appreciate the cheap bus fares, I think next time I'll try the equally cheap fares on Bolt bus.", 'stars': '2.0'}
{'review': "Compared to the Bolt this busline stinks! \xa0This has been twice in a row now where they have underestimated arrival times to Boston and have chosen a poor routes...I'm sitting on one as I type...::sigh:: \xa0It had just gotten into an accident...not our driver's fault however. \xa0Still not a fan...Take bolt", 'stars': '2.0'}
{'review': "Don't use Megabus if you need it to go from point A to point B timely.I need to be in Chicago by 9:30am (CST) and booked the Megabus in Indianapolis leaving at 6:35am (EST) with an estimated arrival in Chicago at 8:50am. I didn't pay $1 for my ticket, but rather the regular rate ($21) with an extra booking fee and text alerts fee (less than $1 in fees) for a $43 round-trip.THE BUS NEVER SHOWED UP in Indianapolis. I received no notification and only found out THE BUS WAS CANCELLED over one hour later than the bus was supposed to leave Indianapolis for Chicago.I missed a critical appointment in Chicago thanks to Megabus and I will certainly never use them in the future. I sincerely hope they will refund me the money, so I don't have to ask for a charge-back with my bank.I honestly don't care if a bus is uncomfortable, run-down, doesn't have a bathroom or Wi-FI, as long as at least it leaves point A and arrive at point B on time (minus traffic delays not under their control), but the bus simply never showed up and I received absolutely nothing from Megabus warning me about it.Given this level of service, I would give it ZERO STARS, if I could.", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "Megabus currently has fewer stars on yelp than the fung wah (2.5 to the fung wah's whopping 3), a bus company which in the past ten years has (1) caught on fire, (2) lost two wheels (?!), (3) flipped over, (4) hit a guard rail and (5) gotten stuck in a concrete barrier (see for yourself: en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fu). \xa0If you somehow are still contemplating using this bus company, read on...So I arrived at the megabus stop which is located on 9th ave. between 31st and... wait for it... 33rd (that is not an intersection, folks). \xa0As it turns out, the bus stop was easy to find because of the huge crowd of people and the people who work for the bus company SCREAMING at everyone as though they were trying to control a rioting mob, which was in reality just a bunch of innocent calm people getting ridiculously mistreated and disrespected by these workers. After getting screamed at to my face for no reason by several megabus employees whom I asked for help, I discovered literally the only thing good about megabus: the departure location is two blocks away from Penn Station. \xa0So if you make the same mistake I did, you can walk (or run) to Amtrak and buy a last minute ticket home on the train... which is precisely what I did.", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': 'Every time I have taken megabus it leaves at least 30 minutes late for no reason. Now this time 40 minutes late leaving; stopped twice on the side of the road and we are going to be two hours late into NYC. Last time I ever use this service.', 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "I must have taken the Megabus 10 times between New York and Boston since the last week of September 2009. \xa0My review is based upon a month's worth of travel. \xa0I can clearly say that Megabus is efficient, clean, cheap, convenient, and reliable. \xa0Only once did I have to wait for a late bus, which was an hour late. \xa0One time, I was able to get on the earlier bus without fuss from the driver (I was lucky to arrive at Back Bay super-early!) \xa0Yes, I have paid $1 for a ticket, but also, I've paid $24 for a ticket, but on the average, I think I paid $16 for all my rides. \xa0I love the double decker and the power outlets plus Wifi. \xa0By the way, the Wifi only failed once in my 10 trips.", 'stars': '5.0'}
{'review': 'There is no station, just a bus stop which leads to unorganized lines. \xa0It completely takes away from customer satisfaction.', 'stars': '2.0'}
{'review': 'You get what you pay for. I use this bus service all the time to visit my bf from NY to MD. It breaks down all the time. Go Greyhound.', 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "I rode Megabus down to Philadelphia and back over July 4 weekend. \xa0The bus left on time for both trips and was well air-conditioned and smelled new. \xa0(One of my biggest gripes about Greyhound is that the buses smell like cleaning chemicals and I always feel nauseous by the end of the trip.) \xa0Megabus also gets a plus for still having seats available the day before the trip, and for only $11 each way -- BoltBus was sold out.On the negative side, I can see waiting on the sidewalk being a pain if it rains or is cold out. \xa0And if you're looking for more schedule options, Greyhound still wins. \xa0In any event, I'll definitely try Megabus again.", 'stars': '4.0'}
{'review': 'PLEASE USE BOLT BUS !!!! The service on Bolt Bus is ALOT better and the buses are also SAFER. One should avoid MegaBus whenever possible !and thats it --- they are simply not worth time :/', 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "My partner and I booked into this company a month ago in advance, from the airport in Buffalo to NYC. It was 48 degrees outside, wait for two hours and the bus never came. Customer service don't work 24 hours, the page does not warn you about delays, and has been a struggle to get our money back. We had to leave by Gray Hound, spend more money and more hours lost due to the irresponsibility of this company, which does not care about their customers.", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': 'Lousy customer service!!I will take Boltbus in the future!Megabus messed up the schedule, my 9:30am on March 23rd, 2010 from Philly to New York, was never showed up. Along with 20 some passengers and a Megabus driver waiting for more than 1 hour. Luckily, Boltbus was able to bus us to New York at 10:30 with super service.We have tried to contact Megabus customer service for refund but they either \xa0put me hold forever or transfer me to voice mail. Lousy customer service!!I will take Boltbus in the future!', 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "I started taking this to Albany, NY a year ago when there were 9 people or so on the bus rides up to Albany. \xa0Not even a line as the Philly, DC and Boston lines were down the block. \xa0The secret after a year is completely done with the Albany line starting early now like all others. \xa0Another thing I wish Megabus would have is at the start of each line a sign of where you can tell what time and where the line is going. \xa0You spend half the time asking what line people are in and sometimes there are two lines for the same bus. \xa0The staff is small and tries to help but you can tell they have had enough with everyones questions and issues. \xa0You either know the drill or you don't and you suffer. \xa0Thankfully the trip to Albany, for whatever reason the buses have been on time even on Friday afternoons. \xa0We sometimes leave before earlier Philadelphia and DC buses. \xa0The WiFi on the buses is definitely spotty but for the most part the buses are clean, you can tell the staff somewhat cares and they aren't driving like a bat out of hell like the chinatown buses do. \xa0Though the last time I took it the bus driver I think was his first day and drove by Port Authority Bus Terminal 3 times before making our way to the Lincoln Tunnel. \xa0Sure, there was traffic but it didn't make any sense or told anyone on the bus of any issue. \xa0I somewhat dread the Penn station cattle call but the bus ride is fine for the most part and you can't beat the price if you can plan far enough ahead. \xa0As with anything in NYC, buy early and show up early.I appreciate the Albany destination but wish there was more organization at the Penn Station pickup location.", 'stars': '3.0'}
{'review': 'Well not sure why so many people have such bad reviews. Yes the buses are late many a times but that is also because of the traffic in dc nyc etcOnce it was raining and they refunded my ticket price and emailed me . Not to mention i was on the bus.Forget all this i just got a round trip to toronto for a mere 50c yeah they had a promotion going onhow can i complain after getting a freaking round trip to toronto for 50centswifi rarely works and when it does work u can not surfcant blame them but it wouldnt hurt to have a stable wifihave travelled a lot btw nyc and dc never had major glitchesboarding is horrible and they should come up with group boarding like othersagain a decent priced bus serviceu get what u pay for :)', 'stars': '4.0'}
{'review': "Although I am currently on the bus, for the sake of consistency I am writing it in past tense. \xa0This was a less than stellar experience. \xa0Compared to the other travel options from NY to DC, it doesn't make the cut. \xa0The bus was about 1000 degrees and the vents are totally useless-- like an old man blowing through a straw. \xa0The seats smelled like mildew and the floors weren't at all clean, not that there was even enough room to put my small bag on the floor anyway. \xa0It's not nearly as spacious as Bolt Bus AND the ticket was more expensive (17 for Bolt vs. 25 for Megabus). \xa0No stop at a rest area, which I expected and really needed. \xa0The driver wasn't friendly and the wifi was iffy. \xa0The bathroom was... well, a bus bathroom. \xa0I wasn't expecting much.Really, I just get a better vibe on Bolt Bus and it feels like a smoother ride all around. \xa0There is also a lack of the stale, hot air that exists on Megabus. \xa0Ugh.", 'stars': '2.0'}
{'review': 'I feel like all the ratings are based on your specific experience. I had a great experience, the buses left and dropped me off on time with no problems. The seats are not half bad and clean and quiet. \xa0The only downside is the bus stop pick up is in the middle of nowhere. If you have a lot of stuff, take a cab. However, the drop off spot is great! Way chea', 'stars': '4.0'}
{'review': "Took the Megabus from NYC to DC. \xa0$19 each way, $38 roundtrip = great deal.I ordered my tickets online. \xa0There were plenty of buses to choose from...I could have left pretty much whenever. \xa0BEWARE: \xa0About half of the buses listed are operated by Eastern Travel, which I have heard aren't quite as nice or efficient as Megabus. \xa0Just make sure when you order that your ticket is for Megabus, not Eastern Travel.The ride to DC was pretty much perfect. \xa0We left on time, arrived (pretty much) on time, and didn't have any problems. \xa0The bus was about 25% vacant, so several people had 2 seats to themselves.The ride home was a little less perfect. \xa0We left on time, but they had oversold the bus and a few angry patrons were told to wait for the next bus during our stop in Baltimore. \xa0There was heavy traffic, which caused us to be about 45 minutes late - but that can't be blamed on Megabus.The bus itself is nice - it is a doubledecker. \xa0There is a bathroom on the first level. \xa0There are some seats with tables that face each other on the first level which is good for families. \xa0The seats are comfortable and can recline. \xa0There is also free wifi, which I've heard can be spotty, but generally works. \xa0One major complaint: \xa0the A/C is on WAY TOO HIGH. \xa0The bus is freezing. \xa0Most people were clearly uncomfortable (some people had their arms in their shirts, some people had blankets, etc.)All in all a good experience. \xa0Will definitely take Megabus again. \xa0But will make sure to arrive on time for a seat and also bring a blanket!", 'stars': '4.0'}
{'review': 'The New York City stop is always sort of a cluster. People always arrive ages before their bus and form arbitrary mixed up lines. Last time I rode, the parking lot where people use to line up was closed so people just flooded the sidewalks. Nonetheless, it is a cheap way of getting to and from many a place.', 'stars': '3.0'}
{'review': "I took the Megabus from Baltimore to NYC in January. It was an awesome experience. The bus driver was friendly, helpful and best of all he put the pedal to metal. We were in NYC in 3 hours. The bus was clean and has free wireless. I didn't try it but I saw a lot of people on their laptops.The bus drops off in the fashion district and picks up a couple of blocks away at penn station. There is a ticket counter across the street from penn station which was great for changing our tickets. It cost $5 because we were after the 72 hour cut-off, but not a big deal. Also, there are tons of Megabuses picking up at the location. The Megabus staff working there were extremely helpful and made sure you were in the correct line.", 'stars': '4.0'}
{'review': 'ok, i thought megabus deserved an updated review. \xa0my last couple of trips with them have been pretty pleasant. \xa0they\'ve really, really stepped up their act in how they organize the lines of people waiting for buses. \xa0whereas a few months ago, in NYC we\'d all be crowded into crazy winding lines along sidewalks, now the pick up spot is much more organized. \xa0there are signs denoting where you should stand, and even chains (a la disney world) to keep us in the proper spot. \xa0a small change, but it makes a huge improvement. \xa0also, my last few trips (to DC) have left on time! \xa0and the employees have been cordial, if not entirely welcoming. \xa0i still haven\'t ever arrived "on time," but these days i\'m a half hour late, not 2 hours late. \xa0the wifi is pretty good, but the plugs are still spotty. \xa0best to leave with fully charged electronics. \xa0still, for $8 or $15 or $17...it\'s a good deal.', 'stars': '3.0'}
{'review': 'This was a pretty basic ride for me, from DC to NYC. (Love abbreviating cities names.) The bus was on time, mostly empty and mostly clean.The bus just pulled up in the stop in DC. There was a sign saying that this is the bus to NYC, but no one actually said anything. I wasn\'t really sure I was on the right bus until I saw the skyline. (That, and of course, they had my reservation number, yeah yeah yeah.) The bus actually pulled away a little early, I don\'t know if they just abandoned the late comers or everyone that made a reservation had already checked in. Being prone to motion sickness, I sat in the front and because the bus was so empty, I got my own seat around a table. And all the other seats. It was pretty moot, because I can\'t do anything on a bus anyway. So I just put my feet on the table and napped. I don\'t recommend this if the bus was full.Ah, complaints. The toliet didn\'t flush, or was so full it gave up trying. Little gross. And the people driving or loading didn\'t actually say anything about, well, anything. Nothing was explained, stated, or anything. Not even a "This is the bus to NYC. We are leaving." or a "This is where you get off." So if you need a budget ride or a frugal vacation, Mega Bus wasn\'t terrible. But I\'d rather spring the cash for a train ticket.', 'stars': '2.0'}
{'review': "I took Megabus from New York to Boston, I think I paid $12, which is great compared to the rip off Greyhound is becoming. \xa0Our driver was really nice and actually didn't get lost (I should probably add here that every time I ever got on a Greyhound our driver got lost, and then our bus broke down, EVERY TIME).The free wireless is a great plus, almost like a too good to be true. \xa0I used it for a little while but get car sick very easily and had to put it away. \xa0It makes the time go by much faster. \xa0We made it there before our scheduled time, and the same goes for our time back.The only thing that sucks, and I think they need to work on, is I don't think they have enough busses. \xa0On the way back to New York, I was in a regular coach bus so no wireless and I think the seats were smaller, it was really crowded and I had no leg room whatsoever. \xa0Our driver did get us to New York very quickly though. \xa0I'd take Megabus again, and will never take Greyhound if Megabus is available.Be advised, you don't get a real ticket, its just your confirmation number, and then someone comes around and checks it off on your paper and in their binder, so make sure you have that with you. \xa0And the stop in NY by Penn station is between 7th and 8th, right in front of Brother Jimmy's Burger Shack (one lady didn't realize this and was waiting at the other end of the street and almost missed the bus, although I think the line of busses is a dead give away)I gave it four starts because I hate having to take busses in general.", 'stars': '3.0'}
{'review': "I am tremendously disappointed by Megabus' customer service response to the recent storms. \xa0Updates have been at the bare minimum and there clearly is no plan to accommodate high call volume in the wake of, say, 48 hours worth of travel having been cancelled. \xa0The one customer service line has been busy for the last 24 hours straight. \xa0There is no holding and no pre-recorded message to let customers know what to expect. \xa0No way for them to know when they might be able to get back. \xa0I have been traveling on Megabus a great deal over the last year, sometimes several times a month. \xa0The price, flexibility, and capability to book far in advance have been a worthwhile convenience. \xa0But I have noticed a serious decline in Megabus service over the last several months. \xa0From the drivers' communication skills and attitude, to general employee demeanor, bus stop organization, outlets on buses not working, Wifi not working. \xa0And now this. \xa0Megabus is one of the most highly travelled bus lines on the East Coast. \xa0They were once my go-to bus company, but this may be the last straw in a long series of recent disappointments. \xa0What happened?", 'stars': '4.0'}
{'review': 'Bus ride towards my destination was terrible. Really uncomfortable second deck seating. Tight and cramped. I am tall (6\'3"), but I didn\'t expect it to be THAT unforgivable. Large guys beware. My return trip wasn\'t that bad (I managed to sleep through most of it). No Wi-fi in my units either. Hence the two stars. A little anecdote: the bus driver lady, before starting the return trip, told us that the AC was damaged in reverse, and that we would have to sustain high temperatures during our trip. A passenger suggested to open the little ceiling door slightly, "... just like one time I traveled in a Peter Pan bus". The mere suggestion of the competitor flipped the lady off: "If you want to go Peter Pan, then go to Peter Pan! This is Mega bus! We don\'t do that here!" Take a chill pill woman.', 'stars': '2.0'}
{'review': 'Before I start my rant, let me say that I\'ve been traveling on megabus at least once a month in the last 4 months. This weekend was probably my 5th time on megabus and by far the worst and best experience at the same time... if that\'s even possible. Here\'s a somewhat detailed description of my weekend\'s travels with Megabus, which really touches on areas where Megabus tends to fail most of the times -Maintaining consistent service and customer service!11/24 - 7:30pm bus from NYC to Baltimore:7:20pm - The usual confusion and chaos as I arrive at the pickup location in NYC. I was told the were no more seats on 7:30pm bus for which I had a reservation. What? You gave my seat away to someone else? The attendant tells me there is more than one 7:30pm bus. There were 3 more 7:30 buses, precisely. Anyway, in all the confusion I managed to get on that bus. Power outlets worked, surprisingly. Wifi didn\'t work, which has never worked in any of my megabus trips. Anyway, the bus left on time and arrived in Baltimore 20 minutes earlier! On the eve of Thanksgiving? How? I was speechless and quite pleased about that.11/27 - 5:40pm bus from Baltimore to NYC:5:30pm - As I arrive at the pickup location, The 4:10 bus was still there loading passengers. It left late at around 5:40pm. I couldn\'t get on that one.6:15pm - Bus after bus from DC to Philly picking up people and some buses from NYC to DC dropping off people. \xa0People are starting to line up for the 6:40 to NYC. The 5:40 to NYC is nowhere to be found. And the megabus attendant has done absolutely nothing to find out about its whereabouts. At this point, I tried to contact megabus customer service. Horrendous. Absolute joke.When you call the number for customer service, you\'re essentially connected to a "call center" after being on hold for god knows how long. As a call center, they can not transfer you to customer service (go figure) but can only provide you with yet another customer service number. Long story short. I couldn\'t talk to anyone. It was useless.7:00pm - \xa0More buses from DC to Philly keep popping up, the 6:40 crowd is starting to panic. The 5:40 crowd wants to tear the attendant to pieces as she stands by idly. No attempt to make contact with megabus to see what\'s going on. Meanwhile, the temperatures are below freezing. Not fun!Wow! Yes! a bus to NYC shows up. It\'s the 6:40pm to NYC. Wait a minute... What? Where\'s the 5:40pm bus? Clearly traffic isn\'t the issue.Megabus attendant has the brilliant idea of loading up the 6:40 crowd into the 6:40 bus while the 5:40 crowd, who clearly should go first as they were there first, has to stay behind and wait for the 5:40 bus which is MIA. Are these attendants even capable of rational, logical thought? I wonder.7:15pm - Finally the megabus attendant gets it. She calls megabus to find out about our 5:40pm bus. Almost 2 hours later... seriously?? Turns out the 5:40pm bus had never left and was sent back to "the yard" due to mechanical problems. No one ever bothered informing the attendant about the problem nor sending a replacement bus. People were left stranded. This is how megabus operates.7:50pm - The 7:40pm bus to NYC arrives. The 7:40 crowd then finds out the 5:40pm crowd gets priority on the 7:40 bus. The bus leaves right away. We get to NYC at 11:15pm (late, too!) At that point I have missed my connecting train. I get home at 2am as opposed to the expected 9:30pm.I\'m done with Megabus. Never again.', 'stars': '2.0'}
{'review': "The bus took 12 hours and there.was.no.INTERNET..They shouldn't charge what they do, tell you they have internet when they don't.", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "My boyfriend and I are going to Philly in a couple of months for a day trip. \xa0Why, you ask? \xa0Because the total cost was only $4.50!! \xa0COMBINED!! \xa0 If you book well in advance, you may be fortunate enough to score the $1tickets. \xa0And when it costs significantly less to visit \xa0Philly (and visit the wonderful Reading Terminal) than it does to visit the family in Westchester, you know where we're going.I've taken Megabus many times on the NYC to Boston route \xa0and have had good experiences. \xa0 The price is right and if you don't go during peak times, you usually can get your own two-seater. \xa0 I have had some friends though who have had nightmare experiences, but it hasn't stopped me yet from using Megabus.", 'stars': '2.0'}
{'review': 'people have said it already - just wanted to reiterate. Mega Bus rocks. i have tried all the variant chinatown buses as well as boltbus, and i must say i am sooo content with mega bus. they actually have visible bus stop signs and ticket agents with bright yellow vests that direct you. the bus is comfy, clean and spacious. the wi-fi is great. they\'re on time. what else can i say? they\'re cheap, and cheapER if you book in advance. their new pickup spot in DC (at 10th and H, I believe) is a little outdoor bus "terminal" waiting area with fake grass. it\'s cute, and better yet it has benches.ok - the ONLY minus is if you score a good price when you book in advance and THEN have to change your tix for some reason (like, if you decide you want to stay an extra day in DC and push back your bus time). you\'ll have to pay the difference in fare, which in my case was an extra $19.00. No fun. But eh - other than that, Mega Bus rocks.', 'stars': '5.0'}
{'review': "I have taken megabus over a dozen times from New York to Boston, and back. \xa0I love the buses. \xa0The wifi only works sometimes but I don't mind. \xa0I'm giving the company two stars today because their policy for changing tickets, and the customer service agents on the phone enforcing it, are awful. \xa0Terrible. \xa0Really, astonishingly bad. I accidentally bought a ticket from Boston to New York about 40 minutes ago, instead of the New York to Boston ticket I intended. Same time, wrong way. \xa0I called to switch, and apparently you cannot switch less than 24 hours in advance of the departure date. \xa0And the woman on the phone wasn't apologetic, didn't try to explain, just stated the policy. \xa0Megabus, you're going to start losing customers if you don't fix that policy, or make it clearer, or at a minimum, try to understand that this strict no-changes policy is arbitrary and possibly the worst in the industry.", 'stars': '5.0'}
{'review': "Took the Mega Bus for the first time this weekend with my husband and our 6 y/o daughter. We had to go to Phily for a baby shower for some good friends of ours and instead of spending around $300 to rent a car and then another couple of hundred on parking and gas we thought it best to try the bus since we got a hotel in center city and everything is pretty much accessible by walking or public transportation. \xa0It was a pretty good experience. We had a 7:40pm from 31st & 9th to Phily booked but since I was able to leave work a few hours earlier we decided to try our luck and see if we could get on the 4:40pm. \xa0The trek from penn station to 9th ave while dragging my carry on kinda sucked but whatever. \xa0I met my DH and DD on the corner of 31st at about 4:15pm and we went to get on the stand by line. \xa0We were in luck!!! There were 7 seats available, they charged us a $5 fee per person so we paid an additonal $15 for the 3 of to get on the earlier bus but you know what? We only paid $50 for the 3 RT tix to begin with so it was fine. \xa0They grabbed our stuff loaded it onto the bus and helped us find seats, unfortunately the seats were scattered so my DH had to sit downstairs and my DD and I found 2 seats together all the way in the back upstairs. \xa0It did leave a little late so we didn't get to 30th street station until about 7pm (it was supposed be 6:40), we caught a cab and headed to our hotel. \xa0On Sunday we headed back and decided to get to the station early for our 2:30 so we could get good seats and it worked. It was a smooth ride back to nyc. They dropped us off at 28th & 7th gave us our bags and we hopped on the 1 train. \xa0I will definitly use them again, we're actually looking into taking our DD to D.C. for a few days during her spring break.", 'stars': '3.0'}
{'review': "Beware.....they purposely post that trips take 10 hours, but they really take more like 13-14 hours...They also have taken detours to pick up passengers who missed their previous bus, and that also dragged the time. \xa0For example, on my bus back home from Toronto to NYC, they made an extra stop at albany to drop home a bunch of people from syracuse who missed their buses, even though albany was not on the route. \xa0Then the bus driver didn't know how to get out of albany b/c she never drives that route...I didn't get home until 2am that day and my bus left promptly at 12:00noon from Toronto.", 'stars': '2.0'}
{'review': "Let me start by saying its a good concept and you get what you're paying for. That being said the unreliabllty and tardiness are horrendous. My Daughters bus left NY over 2 hours late (a 9:00 leaving time) to get to Washington at supposedly 1:10. She was to wait 1hour and 50 minutes for the next bus to morgantown WV. Needless to say her bus arrived at nearly 3:45. She obviously missed her lay over bus to morgantown. When we called to get a refund they told us that they WILL NOT refund any money if the layover was less than 2 hours. They stuck us with a ticket (she got another ride) over a friggin 10 minutes. This was not our fault. We followed THEIR schedule. Was my daughter supposed to skip the 1:10 and wait for the next bus? They told us that the next bus was11:45pm the next day. Again, it's a great concept but they absolutely suck at it. All over a stinking 10 minutes.", 'stars': '2.0'}
{'review': 'They suck. The bus driver just get us lost in the way from Philly to NYC. Seriously!!!! This is just happens. Oh and the bus was an hour late', 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "I rode the Megabus when it first got over here Stateside in 2007 and I was going back and forth comfortably from Los Angeles to Vegas for less than $20 bucks roundtrip. You guys have no idea how bummed I was that you damn east coasters took Megabus away from me!So when my friend and I decided to do a little east coast adventure this year, I highly recommended Megabus as our way to get from New York to Philadelphia. The buses were as comfortable as I remembered and even bigger because they're double decker ones. However, the huge difference I noticed about Megabus operations in the east coast is how lacking it is on the signage. In LA and Las Vegas, there were several signs pointing out where the Megabus stand- there was no way you could miss it . For the one at Penn station, it's exactly where it says on the directions on the site. No big problem. Philadelphia- different story. Our ticket said we'd be dropped off at the 30th Street Station in Philadelphia- we got dropped off at the somewhere else, in an area near Market street. That was convenient for us at the time as it made it a not so far walk to get to the Electric Factory. But when we were trying to find our Megabus stop to get back to New York at 3 AM- that was a nightmare. Figuring out where to go in pouring on and off rain was crazy. If it wasn't for a kind taxi driver and someone else who was in the same predicament as my friend and I were, we would've been stuck in Philly with nowhere to stay at for the night. It took a while and some phone calls, but the Megabus sign was found and we were back in NYC by 5ish.So that's why I've given it a 4 out of 5. Other than that, I still miss you, Megabus! You are sorely missed on the west coast. :(", 'stars': '4.0'}
{'review': 'Megabus is an upstart discount bus service now serving the East coast from Washington, DC to Boston, Ma. \xa0I think it is a bus service whose time has come. \xa0By offering the same service as the big dog at a lower price and more amenities, I think Megabus will be a force to reckon with. \xa0They need to continue to provide regular, reliable service to the traveling public and stay consistent if they expect to stay in business. \xa0If they fall off and start running their operation like one of the Chinatown bus companies with a bad safety record, they will be in trouble. \xa0However the public is so far satisfied with the service; the new buses, the WiFi,and the low fares. Megabus you keep running like you do and the big dog will have to stay on the porch. \xa0Go safely; see you on the big road!', 'stars': '5.0'}
{'review': 'I love this bus service!!! Its cheap (in price), clean, Wi-fi accessible with outlets for charging your device. From NY to BOS is a 4 hour and 15 min trip, non-stop, no transfers. If this bus could go anywhere, Greyhound and all them other bus services would be put out of business, QUICK! For a $10 trip to Boston, this is the way to go!!!', 'stars': '5.0'}
{'review': "The saying I go by whenever shopping for anything is that you get what you pay for. If you can't afford the extra 5 bucks for a DC to NY ticket or Bolt bus then mega bus is for you. Even if you don't think you can afford it I'd rather pay the extra 5 bucks and skip a meal. The staff is so rude. We had no rest stops on a six hour bus ride, we stopped for 20 minutes at a rest stop to \xa0change drivers. But us kids had to stay on the bus anyway because..... Well your guess is as good as mine. Never again, ever.", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': 'Mega update! \xa0Ok so Mega Bus has changed boarding locations in NYC and they have now made an attempt to become more organized as well mandate the employees to wear uniforms. \xa0While this is a step in the right direction they still need to get the organization and timing down. \xa0Going to visit for the holidays I was greeted with the customary madness as well as an hour overdue bus, which had me arrive more than 2 hours behind schedule. So much fun I tell you! \xa0On the upside they seem to have an endless supply of buses and will keep em coming as long as there is money to be made.', 'stars': '2.0'}
{'review': "This week I used megabus to travel between Buffalo and NYC. My experince was horrible!!! When leaving Buffalo your bus was an hour late! I tried to call customer service but they were conviently closed. After waiting nearly 2 hours outside in the cold and the rain your bus arrived. The driver was nasty and unhelpful, he made my boyfriend and I load our own luggage into the cargo area. I have never seen such a thing. He asked me for our reservation number and I mistakenly gave him our confirmation number in which he repremanded and yelled at me for. When we finally boarded the bus there were no two seats together, the free wi-fi which you advertise didn;t work and when we asked the driver about it he gave us a nasty snappy rude answer back. When we arrived in NYC the drive went to unload the bags but was throwing the luggage not carring how it landed and with no care for what may have been inside. My bag landed on its fron in the middle of the street. When we made it to our hotel I found that your drivers careless throwing of my suitcase had broken something within the bag and soaked half of my clothes. While in NYC we discussed finding alternate transportation home because our first experience was so aweful, but the money had already been spent and we decided to give it another try. I am sorry to \xa0say that our ride home was as bad as our ride to NYC and for totally different reasons. This time we wanted to be sure to sit next to each other so we arrived to the bus pick up over an hour early on the shaky assumption that the bus would be on time this trip. We arrived over an hour early asked one of your MEGABUS employees where we should wait for the Buffalo bound bus, he pointed and showed us where to wait. We proceeded to wait int the freezing 30 degree weather for over an hour, when the bus came we went to board and were told by another MEGABUS employee that we were to board the bus last as we did not wait in the proper place a mere 15 feet from where we had been standing for over an hour. My boyfriend tried to explain to your employee and asked where the man who had told us where to stand was, your employee raised his voice at my boyfriend was unwilling to listen and even when another rider jumped into the conversation to defend us he wouldn't listen, needless to say we waited in the cold for over an hour and had to board the bus last once again not being able to sit ner each other. It was a horrible horrible experience. Once in my seat I found that my seatbelt didn't work which only caused more anxiety. Our experience could not have been much worse. Your staff clearly doesn't care about your business or your customers, their lack of communication with each other and with the customers is startling, I have never been treated so poorly for a service in which I have paid, I think I should have a full refund, the entire experience from start to finish was horrible, we were treated aweful. I can not believe how bad our experience was.", 'stars': '2.0'}
{'review': "I took Megabus 12/27/08 from Boston to NYC.bought my tix online the day of. Glad their system is update enough that it tells you which scheduled buses still have seats left. I paid $17.50 through the website (.50 processing fee), but I understand if I booked in advanced it would have been cheaper, or bought a round trip ticket.it pays to get there earlier because i arrived 30 minutes early and the line was already long. 5 minutes it was impossible. a guy comes around asking for your reservation, puts a check on it and keeps it moving. they announced there would be 2 buses (thank god, cuz that line was insane) and to my sup rise, they didn't over stuff my bus (the first 1) and instead split the group evenly, leaving many seats on many buses. great for me, cuz i love taking up a two-seater to myself. just not as comfortable sitting next to a stranger for 4.5 hours (we ran into traffic) drooling all on their shoulder and stuff (I'm not ashamed. :-P jk - but i do snore ...with my mouth open...and its sexy)we left on time, the bus was clean, smell-less, and we arrived a little behind schedule due to traffic. a seamless trip.", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': 'I had never been on a long bus trip before. But, when it came time to leave Boston and head down to NYC for the rest of our trip, it had to be done. At $17 a piece, and a 4 hour ride, this was a pretty good deal. The seats were super comfy, decent amount of space, and the driver was hilarious. \xa0Plus, there was only one obnoxious creepy person seated within my vicinity. Yay!', 'stars': '4.0'}
{'review': "Unfortunately you have to rate with at least one star and this is the only reason I'm giving a star. So first off it's almost impossible to find a customer service telephone number where you can contact an actual person. When you find the number you end up speaking to the NASTIEST representatives ever! I called 4 times 3 of those calls were connect to Trisha and 1 to Cody OMG never have I ever had to call a company this much times and not get someone who could at least try and be or even pretend to assist you. I asked if I could speak to a supervisor each time and was told my call is going to be disconnected. PLEASE DO NOT waste your money making reservations through these thieves. There are several other bus companies providing way better service at comparable pricing. BOLT Bus, Greyhound, Washington Deluxe to name a few. I should've know this was a shady company because the last 2 times I travelled DC to NY I had no reservation and the person handling baggage tried charging me $45 for a ticket that was about $23 online then the bus driver was driving at least 75mph made a pick up stop in Baltimore made no announcement of how long we would be there, then when I asked about it he stated that everybody who takes this bus knows that a stop is made in Baltimore. I'm like what about the people who are first timers to this bus? He had no response. Don't waste your time with this company and you will save yourself from headache/disappointment.", 'stars': '4.0'}
{'review': "This past weekend I took a Megabus for the first time when going from NYC to Washington over the weekend. It was one of my worst travelling experiences for such a short, in distance, journey and I will never ever take a Megabus again.The problem started in NYC when we had to stand 1h and wait for the bus to arrive, no information at all on why it was late. When it finally arrived it is not a double decker as promised on their website but some sort of guidebus. No safety videos or driver greeting. The worst part is when the bus finally starts moving. After 1 hour of driving and we are still on Manhattan(!) one of the other passangers goes up to the driver and ask him what the problem is and it turns out that he's lost and is looking up directions on his Iphone. After that I wasn't too surprised that there was no wifi nor toilet paper either. it took us little more than 6 hours to finally get to Washington.As someone mentioned before, if you feel like beeing treated like cattle, travel with Megabus. I'm not doing it again.", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': 'I will NEVER take megabus again.I took the 2:30pm bus from NYC to Washington D.C. on Friday to try to avoid some traffic and got royally screwed. Right before the Delaware bridge, our driver suddenly pulls the bus over to the side of the road. He doesn\'t make an announcement or explain anything, so after about 15 minutes, I go down to ask him what\'s going on. He says, "I don\'t know, they just told me to stop the bus." I asked if there was anything wrong with the bus, and he repeated the same answer. After an hour of us being stuck on the side of the highway, a cop pulls over and tells our driver that he has to move our bus to a rest stop. We move to a Delaware rest stop, where we are told it will be 2 hours until another bus will come and get us. Luckily, we were able to get food and use a bathroom (because the bathroom on the bus literally made me gag). When a bus did come, it could only take 13 passengers out of the whole double-decker bus. After being at the rest stop for 3 HOURS, suddenly the hood is opened on the bus, and within 10 minutes, our bus is magically "fixed," and we continue on our way. At the Baltimore stop, we get a new driver, and that\'s when it dawns on everyone that there was never anything wrong with the bus. In reality, our driver had reached his 15 hour driving limit for the day and had to wait 4 hours to drive again. During our 4 HOUR delay, I tried calling customer service who told me that she couldn\'t get in touch with the dispatcher because he was blocking her calls, and she had "no idea" when a bus would be able to get us, and she "hoped" we wouldn\'t be stuck all night. All-in-all, it was one of the most frustrating and ridiculous experiences I have ever had. And better yet, on my return bus ride, our a.c. was broken, and they tried to stop us at the Baltimore station for a mechanic to come fix the bus (2 hour wait). I called customer service and demanded they let us go without fixing the a.c. (that was the general consensus on the bus), and they did after 45 minutes of fighting with the driver. Overall: As the driver told me, "It\'s low-cost transportation, what did you expect?" Spend an extra $15 on something else.', 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "megabus makes 31st and 8th feel like an RMV, or the mexican border, or a line at a county fair for a porta potty. everyone has fear in their eyes. they're uptight. no one knows really where to stand. we feel lost. we feel poor. we think about death.a small man heading the line to board the bus screamed orders and flung his arms around. one young lady approached and i could see his eyes narrow as he spotted her luggage. NOTE: the little man's job was to load people's luggage onto the bus. he put his hands on his hips and pointed at the opening in the bus for HER to lift her bag and put it there herself, all the while threatening to charge her an extra 20 dollars if she ever packed a bag that heavy again. mean, mean little man! he made everyone walk up, one at a time, berating each of them, and causing the longest delay, IN THE RAIN, i have ever experienced. the major downside to megabus is the fact that it takes DOUBLE as long to load the bus because there are twice as many people riding the silly thing.also, they have the longest, loudest HOW TO video i have ever seen. yes. megabus thinks we need to be told how to ride a bus.i'm all for bolt.", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': 'This is the second time I have taken Mega bus. My first trip was to Washington. The price was right. The bus nice as well. It was a double decker and I got to sit up front on the top. It was a clear day and the ride down was pleasant. The had to switch bus drivers 45 minutes into the trip in NJ. That was not announced and I still can not figure why they do that. It is kind of annoying.  \xa0 \xa0My second trip was to Boston yesterday for a day trip. I was on another double decker and they switched drivers in CT. On the return they showed a movie and did not switch drivers.  \xa0 \xa0I would say on the whole the experience is good but drivers and the staff at the stations run the gamut between unfriendly and outright rude. Well I guess you get what you pay for.', 'stars': '3.0'}
{'review': "After being dropped off on the other side of the manhattan bridge near midnight, I was reluctant to take the fung wah bus again. Mega Bus picks up/drops off in Boston at Back Bay station, which is much closer for me than South Station, and the drop off location at Penn in NY also works much better, so I made the painless switch. And have been loyal since. The seats are comfortable, and when I travel on the weekdays, it's nice to have the two seats to myself, however, on the weekends, the buses are packed packed packed. So be sure to get there EARLY! My one complaint about the bus is that the advertised wifi isn't very consistent, I lost connection while we were still in NY and sometimes they play movies......and you just have to endure them. But, hey, at least it doesn't smell and drop you off in the middle of nowhere like FungWah.", 'stars': '2.0'}
{'review': "Hate it. If there's zero star, I wouldn't hesitate giving it. You have to join the overwhelmingly long queue even you purchased the tickets beforehand and arrived 30 min earlier. Bus finally came 40 min later... though it doesn't feel that bad on the bus. It's still simply STUPID.", 'stars': '3.0'}
{'review': "Hmmm, so how does one get the $1 ticket that they advertise on the side of their buses? Anyways, I decided to check this out and took a trip down to my hometown of Baltimore. \xa0Got there 30min before it departed. \xa0I was probably the 15th person in line so it didn't seem to bad and our departure was scheduled for 5:45pm*Note that the bus picks you up at 31st between 7th/8th but closer to 8thThe bus driver walks down the line matching his confirmation number with the one you have on your printout. \xa0Once he finshed that we started loading. \xa0The bus was a cool double-decker bus, so I opted for the top like most everyone did. \xa0AC didn't kick in so it was stupid hot in the bus. \xa015min. late we finally departed with an AC that fluctuated on the first 10min. of the ride. \xa0Finally we're on the road and the ride is nice. \xa0The AC is on super blast so its like an icebox in there, but I like it. \xa0There isn't any baggage spaces availble on the top floor of the bus. \xa0So don't try to squeeze too many carry on bags, because it ain't gonna happen. \xa0Whatever can fit on your lap is probably the best. \xa0The only complaints I had on my way to White Marsh were the usual complaints of loud talkers or people eating all kinds of funky foods on the seat next to you. \xa0Whatever its NY. \xa0Despite not leaving on time, I had a pretty good experience. \xa0Best thing is that it stops at White Marsh which is a major plus for me, because it drops me off near my parents place which is a 7min. drive away. \xa0Sweeeet!", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "So you want to save $100 off the price of Amtrak between NYC and Boston or DC. Well, imagine hitching a ride from DC on the sweatiest hottest nut sack ever and that's basically what riding Megabus in the summer is like. A lot of the buses have very weak/almost non-existent air conditioning systems.", 'stars': '2.0'}
{'review': 'The reason I give Megabus 2 stars and not 1 is because the 1 star review is reserved for the Chinatown bus between Philly and NYC.I have come to understand how it is that Megabus can make a profit and still charge such low prices. They have no overhead. That means no shelter for waiting customers, and absolutely no customer service.I lost my phone on one of the buses and waited on the phone for 20 minutes before someone answered the phone long enough to ask me to hold and then hung up on me. It was impossible to find any information online about lost and found. Such shitty customer service combined with buses that are often late have convinced me I need to take other options. If you can get a seat on the Bolt bus you should.', 'stars': '2.0'}
{'review': "Megabus is my preferred mode of transportation from New York to Philly and back again. \xa0I prefer to travel between rush hours...after 9 am and before 1.30 pm (on weekends too). \xa0The earlier, the better. \xa0I try to get in line early, so I can get my fav seat (15 to 30 minutes), but am often running up at the last minute, & getting dirty looks from the staff. :) \xa0So I just smile politely, apologize for not following their rules, & blame a taxi or something. \xa0Once they forgive me & allow me to board, I usually sit at one of the tables at the front on the bottom level, preferably facing forward (providing any seats are still available here). \xa0I have my laptop & a netflix dvd. \xa0Megabus provides power & an internet connection (in case I want to stream netflix instead). \xa0My backpack goes on the luggage shelf in between the 1st & 2nd row of seats. \xa0I have everything I want, including a cup holder. \xa02 hours later, my movie is over & we've arrived. \xa0Seriously, it's so easy. \xa0When travelling in any motor vehicle on this route, outside of the hours I listed above, I would expect delays. \xa0Sometimes I can't find a power point, or it's not working...good thing I always have a (charged) battery in my laptop. \xa0I sometimes use my phone hotspot for internet access, since it's secure, but have not had any problems with megabus connections. \xa0So for quite some time, I've been thrilled with their service.Then today...I sent a polite email advising them that my bus was delayed for over an hour last weekend at 9.30 on Sunday night. Again...not unexpected-due to the time, but it was an inconvenience. And so I made other arrangements & requested a refund. \xa030 minutes later...on Easter Sunday, I have a refund. \xa0Never have I received a refund from anywhere that quickly, if I wasn't standing there in-person. \xa0It's sealed. \xa0Fan for life here.PS: I'm sure that I've been very lucky that they haven't sold my seat on any of those buses where I'm running up at the last minute.", 'stars': '4.0'}
{'review': 'I used megabus cuz they gave me free tickets for their opening weekend in new york. so two of us set out with tickets we had only paid a 50 cent reservation fee to atlantic city. at port authority no one knew where megabus was departing from. most ppl hadnt even heard of it. but thats port authoritys fault, not megabus. finally after we found gate one, we gave them the reservation number and they gave us our tickets. megabus was operating through academy bus services so we were on a bus with other customers who had paid 35 for their seat. the buses were spacious clean and comfortable. i even had a nice nap on the way. we got there in a little over two hours. the return trip was just as nice, if not better because the bus was practically empty. (we took a 6.30 return bus) the tickets were good for four days so we could have stayed that long for the return trip, and we had the option of leaving on whichever bus we wanted. i think the service and the experience was exceptional.', 'stars': '5.0'}
{'review': "The service is indifferent at best and you'll be lucky if both the wifi and the power outlet at your seat work. \xa0It gets you where you're going and it's cheap and that's about it.", 'stars': '2.0'}
{'review': "Never again. Why did I AGAIN choose Megabus, even though it had screwed me twice already? I guess it's my fault for not learning earlier. Never, ever again. \xa0Between the rude customer service, the perpetual tardiness of leaving, let alone the drivers who drive slow as molasses and let every other bus and car pass them at twice the speed, and arriving at least 45 minutes late each time after taking the LEAST efficient route, I'm done. Don't waste your time, money, or adrenaline stewing in your seat.", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "Ah, yes, another one of the cheap bus services that has made my summer infinitely better.Megabus is pretty darn good - an import from the good 'ol UK, these buses are new, with fairly plush seats (not too much legroom, though), air conditioning (waaaay too much), clean bathroom and free Wifi (no electrical outlets like Bolt, though). The drivers are pretty good at sticking to their schedule, although I have waited 30 minutes for a bus to arrive due to traffic conditions. We still only took the 2 hours stated to travel, but then again at 9pm on a Sunday I wouldn't expect to run into much traffic anyway. Also, Megabus seems to offer routes to a ton of other cities (but I don't know which ones leave from NYC).The $1 pricetag they list is basically a lie - I had heard that they offered it to all riders as a promotional thing, then they switched to their normal pricing. I overheard a driver explaining that the first few tickets start out at a very low base price, and then they increase with the number of sales (so after the first 5 tickets are sold, the price goes up by $1 or something like that). But hey, it's still really cheap - I think $15 is the maximum you can pay. Definitely order your tickets ahead online because Megabus has gotten so popular you are unlikely to just walk on a bus. And their boarding policy is 'first come, first serve,' so even if you were the guy who bought the first ticket, unless you arrive 30 minutes before departure you'll end up at the back of the line.", 'stars': '4.0'}
{'review': '(to the tune of "if you like pina coladas")If you like freezing you ass off, and getting caught in the rainif you\'re not into short trips, and you don\'t have half a brainif you like fake claims of working outletsand fake claims of wifiwell, then by all means try the megabus,but no one will hear you cry', 'stars': '2.0'}
{'review': "I love NY but who can resist a cheap trip. \xa0Megabus is going to Hyannis for 10 Dollars each way off peak. \xa0Hy-Line Cruises departs from Hyannis to Martha's Vineyard for $71 round-trip. \xa0Less than $100 to the vineyard.", 'stars': '5.0'}
{'review': 'Took Megabus from Boston to NY and back. \xa0It was convenient, cheap, clean and on-time. \xa0The wi-fi was working and connected easily. \xa0Recommend sitting upstairs as the toilet downstairs had that chemical porta potty smell. \xa0AC was a little strong, so I was glad I had a sweatshirt, although it was nice to be in the cool bus after the 95 degrees outside. \xa0Would definitely use it again.', 'stars': '4.0'}
{'review': "Love: $24 round trip to Boston! Can't beat thatMeh: the random drop off location back in NYC, and the smell coming from the bathroom....oh, and the loud ipod users! and that guy making an annoying phone call insulting people with the Boston accent! wow", 'stars': '3.0'}
{'review': 'This is a great choice if you ate looking to save money. But the ride is never on time and always beyond bumpy.', 'stars': '2.0'}
{'review': "Never again. Now I see why this is cheaper than Bolt. The pros: cheap, lots of time options. The cons: basically everything you can think of. It's understandable that buses can be late, but inefficient loading that doesn't follow any protocol is crazy for a service that has served over one million riders. I guess cheap wins out. You get what you pay for.", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "NYP to DC. \xa0on Sunday Oct 3, 10. \xa0If I could give this company no stars I would! \xa0AGAIN today, the buses are running 2 hours late. \xa0Nothing on their website. \xa0Penn Station is out of control. \xa0The two megabus employees don't know what is going on. \xa0The late 430 bus just showed up. \xa0It was supposed to be a double deck bus and they sold the seats for a double deck bus. \xa0A single deck bus just pulled up so half the people aren't getting on. \xa0Nobody knows what is going on. \xa0People are not leaving. \xa0People are pissed. \xa0This company is a joke. \xa0We regulate the airlines to death and everyone forgot about these horrible bus companies. \xa0MEGABUS IS HORRIBLE. \xa0Do not spend your money on this company, please!", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': 'Arrived 1h45 min late on a NY-Rochester trip that was supposed to last 6 hours. The driver took 45min to get to the Lincoln tunnel... Not because of traffic, the line next to us was moving, just because he seemed afraid of merging!! Get drivers that know how to drive in NYC traffic!! We also took 2 additional breaks that were not on the itinerary!!', 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "The last time I took Megabus was a few years ago to Philadelphia. \xa0And before that in 2010 to NY to DC. \xa0All trips were very good. \xa0We took the bus from Philadelphia to NY last week and it was a completely different experience. \xa0The two outlets near us did not work. \xa0There was no wifi and the AC was off. \xa0The bus didn't seem to have any shock absorbers and we felt every bump. \xa0The only good news about this ride was the price but we paid dearly for it. \xa0The fellow sitting next to us said that this is pretty much how Megabus is now. \xa0So sorry to see it go downhill. \xa0Also, we were right next to the stop near Independence Hall and the Megabus representative said the bus didn't stop there (it did). \xa0We took a cab back to 30th Street Station only to find out that the bus stopped right near where we got the cab. \xa0It was difficult to figure out where the stop was and we almost missed the bus. \xa0Communications is not their long suit either. What a disappointment.", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "I took another Megabus trip from New York to Boston on November 30, 2011, this time leaving at 8:10pm. \xa0I booked the ticket about 4 hours before departure time, and paid $15.00. \xa0I showed up at 8:00pm, showed the confirmation e-mail on my phone and got right on. \xa0The trip went well and was an improvement over my last trip. \xa0The bus left right on time and got me to Boston's South Station by 12:15am, which allowed me to catch the last Silver Line train to Logan Airport.I sat on the top deck of this double-decker bus, which pretty clean. \xa0It had only 18 people on it, so it wasn't too crowded; that is typical for a normal Wednesday night. \xa0Outlets worked just fine, although there was no wi-fi available, so I just tethered my Blackberry and all was well. \xa0There were seat belts on board but I'm pretty sure nobody was using them.Consider this a 4.5 star review. \xa0A 1/2 star deduction for the lack of wi-fi, but otherwise, a pretty good experience!", 'stars': '2.0'}
{'review': 'I\'m currently on the megabus as I write this. Our bus from New York to Boston at 3:20pm on 11/26/14 broke down in elmsford, ny due to a faulty windshield wiper. I understand this occasionally happens, but we had to wait 40 minutes for a replacement bus to be sent and the replacement that they send ALSO HAS A FAULTY WINDSHIELD WIPER!! The faulty wiper was on the passenger side so the driver was able to drive us to a depot close to Bridgeport, CT where we had to wait another forty minutes to change to a third bus. I called megabus to request a refund and they refused to issue one until the trip is complete, presumably to claim, "hey, we got you to Boston, despite being 3 hours late because we don\'t know how to provide buses with functional windshield wipers, so we\'re probably not going to offer you that refund that you undoubtedly deserve". There are little children and babies on this bus and I feel for the parents as it is even more difficult on them to have to deal with this. Do not do business with this company as they do not provide legit service. If I actually get my refund, I will happily update this review to give them their due credit, but until then, I advise everyone to steer clear of this company at all costs.', 'stars': '4.0'}
{'review': "Ok, whiners. \xa0They have a name for people like you who want luxury for a cheap ticket: CHEAPSKATE! \xa0You could have been given the ticket free and still would have complained because the bathroom smelled like peepee or something 'who gives a sh*t'-worthy.No internet? \xa0Tough- they say there's no guarantee the WiFi will work in the disclaimer you agreed to upon purchasing the ticket, cheap-o. \xa0But you were too busy trying to see if you could nail that $1.50 ticket to be bothered to read it.I've taken Megabus about 10 times now (I'm on one now) and have NEVER encountered the b.s. you whiners have. \xa0Twenty minutes late? \xa0Big deal. \xa0For the price you paid for that ticket, you should be lucky 20 minutes is ALL you had to wait for your bus to arrive at its spot on one of the busiest corners in one of the busiest cities in the world. \xa0Speeding driver? \xa0Get over it. \xa0For the price you pay, expect to live on the edge a little.Overall great experience, convenient, NO FRILLS!", 'stars': '4.0'}
{'review': 'I have had good experiences on MegaBus in the past. However, this experience was pretty lame. I am trapped on the bus as I write this.Outline:- Showed up at 5:30 for 5:40 bus.- Asked driver whether or not the bus that they\'re standing next to is the 5:40 for Philly. Their answer: "I don\'t know."- Went up to some other guy who glances at my ticket and tells me to hop aboard. According to the people already aboard, this was actually the 4:30 bus, delayed an hour. Part of my 1 star is for them.-Bus crawled through traffic.-Bus pulled off randomly, we\'re told that bus drivers are required to stop after 10 hours of driving.-We waited for about an hour for a new driver to show up. (Had we kept going we\'d have arrived by now.)-We are now getting back on the highway. However, driver seems lost...Current time is 8:57pm.We were supposed to arrive at 7:40. FAIL.Look MegaBus drivers, I applaud your adherence to labor standards, but there has GOT to be a better way...', 'stars': '3.0'}
{'review': 'I\'m writing this review from a "megabus" and when I say megabus I \xa0really mean a Martz bus because the regular Megabus never showed up. So let me begin this review from the beginning of my journey.Friday (4:30 bus to washington dc) - The lines were reasonable. I got a really good seat and was ready to go. They made us watch a video about their bus and wifi services. I take out my computer to do some work using their wifi and no wifi available. Of course my luck. My boyfriend plugged in his phone charger into the bus outlet to charge his phone, and that\'s not working. Perfect..nothing is working on the bus. We both figured we would read. Once 7:00pm came around and the sun was setting, we needed the light to read. We pressed the light button and you guessed it that didn\'t work either! Someone asked the bus driver if he could turn on the lights and he said "I\'ll try but there\'s no guarantee it will work." The only time anything worked was when the driver made a stop in baltimore and opened the doors. Everything worked that is of course until he shut the doors and began driving again! Sunday (1:30 bus from dc to nyc) - we got to the stop at 1 and it was already crowded. We found out that the 12:30 bus never showed. It\'s now 1:15 and a Martz bus pulls up. They load up all of the 12:30 people and then begin to load up the 1:30 people. There\'s no wifi and no outlets. The leg space is definitely cramped. Normally, I wouldn\'t mind this type of a bus. But if I\'m paying for something, I expect all of the amenities that it\'s supposed to include. If I didn\'t want wifi or outlets on my journey, then I would have taken the chinatown bus. At least they have lights on their bus! And $1 tickets..definitely not even when I looked weeks in advance. Never again will I take megabus!!', 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': 'So I heard very bad reviews about megabus, but I couldn\'t pass up a $13 ride \xa0from NYC to Boston. I\'m glad I took the risk. The bus was on time, had air conditioning and didn\'t smell bad. Granted I left at 12 noon on a Thursday. I think that the folks who have had bad experiences with late buses must have left after work during rush hour. In addition, some people tried to cut the line and someone from Megabus stopped them and said "the line is back there". It was well organized. The bus wasn\'t crowded. It was a double decker which was cool. I\'m on the bus writing this review. I only gave them 4 stars bc I feel the driver is much more fast and reckless than a bolt bus driver. Some people may appreciate speed but I get motion sick so speed is not cool with me. Overall it\'s pretty good. I def won\'t take them during rush hour, I won\'t be taking any bus during hour. I can guarantee it\'ll be late. \xa0So I recommend megabus only if you can leave early in the day otherwise stick with Amtrak and pay four times more.UPDATE: 2 hours into the bus ride and I\'m sitting on the ground level of the double decker. Big mistake, now it smells like poo on this level. Lesson learned, next time I\'ll go up to the 2nd level.', 'stars': '3.0'}
{'review': 'Once again no wifi and no working outlets defeats the whole purpose of using this bus', 'stars': '2.0'}
{'review': "I would give this review no star if I could. Delays are expected in Midtown, NYC. I loved megabus when they first started. But over the years it's turned into absolute crap. They do not tell passengers bus is delay. They wait to tell us after half hr has passed from the scheduled depart time. Hour and a half later still nothing, a two hr trip from NYC to Philly took almost 5 hours. I rather waste money on gas and tolls from now on.", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "wow! \xa0ok. \xa0so. \xa0on the way to syracuse, the electric outlet was broken, so I couldn't use my little netbook. \xa0on the way back, the bus was over three hours late, \xa0but the electricity @ my seat is workin so I can write this review. \xa0If your bus is late, and IT WILL BE LATE, there is no customer service rep to complain to. \xa0not in a bus station, not on the phone, nothing. \xa0nobody to talk to. \xa0so its really scary to be waiting on the curb, at the greyhound station in syracuse, because the homeless dudes start to regard you with suspicion because you are hangin out at the bus station and you are not panhandlin or turnin trix, and you start thinkin maybe its a good idea to just get a sandwich at subway (DONT DO IT!!!) \xa0I got a couple of diet cokes from the subway in the greyhound station in the 'cuse, and the lady ran my debit card and said DECLINED, and then when I said, UH, she said PSYCH! \xa0and then we both laughed about it later.ok, so don't risk the subway, but do risk the megabus experience, because there are people with chickens on the chinatown bus, and live poultry can give you avian flu. \xa0I think", 'stars': '5.0'}
{'review': 'AVOID, AVOID, AVOIDI don\'t care if Megabus was offering me free tickets from now until the rest of my life I would not do it. \xa0I understand this is not a luxury bus company however if I pay money then I still expect a certain amount of customer service. I had 2 different horrible experiences. \xa0I traveled from NYC to Washington DC, on Friday March 29th. \xa0I\'m not even going to complain about how inconvenient the bus stop in NYC is. \xa0That was not even the problem. \xa0The first problem is the chaos upon arriving. \xa0My bus was scheduled to leave at 3:00, they recommend you arrive 15 minutes early. \xa0I arrived 30 minutes early to find a long line wrapped down and around the block. \xa0The two buses before my bus did not arrive on time so everyone was on one line. This one line consisted of people scheduled for 2:00, 2:30, 3:00, 3:30, and 3:35. \xa0The employees of Megabus were all standing in the front of the line yelling at people when asked questions. \xa0Unacceptable behavior. \xa0All they had to do was walk down the line and explain the situation. \xa0People understand traffic/delays happen, but instead they continued to be rude. \xa0The 3:00 bus finally came over 2 hours late. The 2nd experience was my trip home. \xa0Washington DC to New York on Sunday March 31st. \xa0The bus was scheduled for 8:00PM. \xa0Again I arrived 20 minutes early. \xa0The line in DC Union Station was more organized. \xa0The people scheduled for 7:30 were standing on a different line. \xa0They were told that the bus was going to be late. \xa0Around 8:30 a bus pulled up and they got on, the Megabus employees were also adding people from the 8:00 line. \xa09:00 came still no other buses. \xa0Buses were pulling in coming from New York but the mega bus employee told us that those buses were all going back to the depot. \xa09:30 the Megabus employee informs us that bus is 10 minutes away. \xa010:00 comes still no bus for us. \xa0At a little before 11, the same bus driver who was telling us the bus is coming finally told us "Go home there is no bus and no driver" . \xa0He said that he no longer wanted to lie because he really had no idea what was going on. \xa0To stand in the cold for almost 3 hours to not get on a bus that I paid for is ridiculous . To leave over 60 people stranded on a bus we all paid for is something that should never happen. \xa0To add insult to injury when I called customer service for a refund of my ticket I had to wait over an hour on hold for them to come on the line to tell me that they GPSed the bus and it did in fact come. \xa0You can\'t be serious right now? \xa0 I am going to keep calling and emailing until I get a full refund, but I do want to warn you all. \xa0STAY AWAY FROM MEGABUS. \xa0Unless you don\'t mind unreliable service and horrible customer service.', 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "I purchased tickets for mega bus to go to Boston from New York. The departure time was 810 pm. \xa0Mega bus policy states that it requires you to arrive 15 minutes early so that the bus driver has proper time to prepare. This was my first time taking mega bus and the address that it told me to go to and the actually address did not match. So when I arrived to the address that it told me to go to it wasn't the proper address. By the time I found the busses which was a block away I was 3 minutes before the departure time. When I found the boston bus I showed the bus driver my ticket and he told me that the bus was full. I was shocked and asked how that was possible. I reserved me seats when I purchased my tickets. A staff member explained to me that you're required to 15 minutes before and that if you're not there then your seats are sold to stand by people 5 minutes before the departure. He told me that there was nothing I could do and had to wait for the next bus which was 3 hours later and I was put on stand by. I had to pay a 5 dollar transfer fee when MY SEATS THAT I RESERVED WERE SOLD to get in the next bus. HOW IS IT POSSIBLE THAT YOU SELL SOMEONES RESERVED SEATS TO STAND BY.... I reserved those seats so that I would have a spot on that bus. It is not stated anywhere on the policy that if you do not arrive 5 minutes before the departure your reserved seats will be sold. I arrived 3 minutes before the departure and my seats were already sold. And I could do nothing about it. ON TOP OF THAT, THE BUS THAT WENT TO BOSTON WAS NOT EVEN MEGA BUS. It was a dattco bus that was only a single floor, where as mega bus is supposedly a double floored bus. If it was the proper bus with 2 floors then there would have been space for me to go back to boston. So the tickets I purchased were sold to stand by and the bus I purchased tickets for wasn't even a mega bus, it was Dattco. Which is probably a company that works with mega bus. I most likely would have made my 810pm bus if they didn't sell my reserved seats and if they used the proper double floored bus. But they did not so I had to take the 11:10pm bus. This seemed very unprofessional that they sold my tickets as well as using a different companies bus. I will never take a mega bus again. I have taken other bus companies such as Peter Pan and arrived right when they we're departing and they have let me get on the bus. I have never had my reserved seats sold and I am confident that peterpan or greyhound would never sell my reserved seats. This was my worst experience taking a long distance bus and I will never be traveling with mega bus again.", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "My bus leaving for Philly was 2 hours late. No explanation. No apologies. No compensation. And lining up was like herding cattle. That'll be my last time riding megabus.", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "Megabus doesn't even deserve a star, but I have to put one...Oh that Lucky Star bus is looking good right now. \xa0Like Malissa I agree and add a few:+ Free wireless+ Not so crowded bus+ New bus which is very bright and pretty+ Not so coldBUT- Driver was so jerky and drove about 40 mph and up Central Park West which made me really sick.- Driver continued to drive extremely slow and jerky even on the highway.- Driver WAS LOST THE WHOLE WAY. \xa0A passenger had to help her.- Driver stopped short on the highway in Boston, nearly colliding us because she wasn't sure how to pull into South Station.- \xa0Unlike Chinatown buses, once your reservation is made you have to stick with it. \xa0You can't hop on an earlier bus the day of.- The wireless went out at some point in the ride.- The bus was 1 hour late.- The seats aren't evenly spaced so some are a kinda spacious and others are completely cramped. \xa0Guess which one I got stuck in.I have ridden Lucky Star, Fung Wah, and one other one I can't remember. \xa0Never reviewed them, but they were all perfect: not smelly, not late, not unsafe, comfortable. \xa0Next time I'll remember that if it ain't broke, don't fix it.Thumbs DOWN for Megabus. \xa0Might as well stick with the smaller guys and support Chinatown. \xa0I live on the East Side anyway.", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "What an awful company.. The buses either don't show, show up late, or are broken upon arrival. My first bad experience, I waited an hour in Philadelphia to get to NY.. don't even know if the bus came because I couldn't wait any longer. Second bad experience, bus is over an hour late because the first bus was broken. Customer service has zero interest in what is going on and don't ever expect to get a refund. I had to call my credit card company and dispute the charge instead.", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "My daughter was supposed to return to her university on a Sunday evening. \xa0On Saturday she started to feel ill and by Sunday morning she had a raging infected sore throat, runny nose and imagine the rest. \xa0We called in the morning to reschedule her return trip and were told that was not possible but we could rebook and then request a refund. \xa0We requested the refund and were told that they needed medical reports to prevent fraudulent claims. \xa0They definitely discourage ill passengers from staying off their buses. \xa0I am trying to imagine, in this era of Ebola scare as well as the flu season, who would want to get on one of their infected buses with sick passengers who either use or lose. \xa0We did send documentation but the photo of an inflamed throat with yellow pus was not sufficient. \xa0When I asked about what medical records my daughter could have provided on a weekend when her condition did not warrant emergency medical attention and doctors are not routinely available, they couldn't give a coherent or intelligent answer. \xa0Ride the bus at your own risk. \xa0They could just as easily have rescheduled her return trip (which took place on a day that cost half the price of the Sunday fare) and called it a day. \xa0This is bad bad bad corporate policy AND HORRENDOUS PUBLIC HEALTH POLICY.", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "Your so far away, doesn't anybody stay in one place anymore. It would be so much easier if you were back near madison square. I trek so far away.", 'stars': '3.0'}
{'review': "Started off good but always expected to get back down to the greyhound quality. Waiting around in the blazing hot sun on NYC pavement, showing up 15 minutes early for a bus that will be an hour and a half late. Last time I take megabus. Let's see how the rest of this trip goes. Oh and by the way, I see a lot of Bolt busses passing by. Seems like the traffic doesn't affect those.", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': 'Had a bad experience with megabus customer service. First, I accidentally purchased 2 tickets instead of one. \xa0While I admit I\'m partially at fault for this, I immediately emailed and called customer service to explain the error. \xa0They told me they could not discuss it on the phone, but would put a notice "in they system," which takes 5-7 business days to reply. \xa0TWO WEEKS later I get an email saying that duplicate tickets are "not megabus\'s responsibility."Second, when I purchased, megabus did not inform me that I could not use the return trip without getting a voucher on the first part of the roundtrip. \xa0My friends and I got a ride to our destination last minute, which was great, but then found out that we couldn\'t get on the return bus with our original ticket - we needed a voucher. \xa0We had to buy new bus tickets. \xa0I didn\'t actually ride on megabus, so can\'t speak to that experience, but the complications with my ordering, ticketing, and customer service have turned me off to it.', 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': 'One star for price. \xa0One star for new buses. \xa0Negative three stars for service!I have taken two roundtrips on Megabus from NYC to Baltimore and have had miserable experiences. \xa0On both trips the bus was very late and was overbooked. \xa0Today my bus was scheduled to depart at 10:25a.m. and a bus did not appear until 11:30a.m.! \xa0The bus was scheduled to arrive in NYC at 1:45p.m. and we did not get into NYC until 5:30p.m.! \xa0It took our driver six hours to travel a 175 mile trip!!! \xa0They showed three movies on the trip and the volume was very loud that I could hear it over my iPod!', 'stars': '2.0'}
{'review': "Hate Megabus. Went from NY to Philly and back to NY on Megabus. The ride there was comfortable and enjoyable to say the least. We arrived within the 2 hours stated on the ticket and a/c was perfect considering the almost 90 degree weather that day. We left Friday afternoon and were to board Megabus at 3 pm that Sunday. All 11 of us (all girls) arrived on time and showed our tickets accordingly. One of my girlfriends needed 2-5 minutes to look for her ticket and the bus driver refused to then let her on the bus. She asked politely to give her those 5 minutes so we can then ALL board together to go home. The driver was rude as were the other lemmings that worked for Megabus. In the end they did not let her board and 2 of my other girlfriends stayed behind with her. He then proceeded to yell out of the bus that they were not able to board any other Megabuses that day. How does someone just leave 3 girls behind in a city that they're not from and they just want to go home. Did he think that we just picked up a random girl in Philly and wanted to bring her to NY? Seriously!!The rest of us, 8 girls, boarded and were horrified at the service and rudeness of this man. I then proceeded to call 311 because I was now concerned as to how those 3 girls were to get home and what I can do to punish this man. While I was on the phone with 311, the man - Quincy - got on the loudspeaker and said that if I did not keep my voice down he was then going to kick ME of the bus. First of all, I was only 5 rows behind him so of course I could be heard but I was not even disturbing anyone on the bus. So now he left 3 of my girlfriends in Philly and was going to leave me on the side of the road god knows where. These people suck and please do not give them anymore business.", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "It's fun to wait an hour+ every single time you want to take the bus! Not to mention impatient, disorganized staff. They have roped off lines at least now, but the wait is definitely not worth it. Time is precious. Lugging your luggage up a city block for an hour is probably one of the worst ways to spend an hour I can think of.The actual bus ride itself i would give 3-4 stars. Pretty cheap (although prices have gone way up since the company's debut), has some shoddy internet, and is comfortable enough.I'm a slow learner, so it took me three times waiting in line to switch to another bus company. Don't make the same mistake as me!", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "2 adults and 2 kids from Toledo to Pitt, Pitt to NYC x 2. Whole family from Toledo to NYC for $60.00 ROUND TRIP ! It was our first Mega trip and we were very pleased. Not perfect but overall very good. A little cold on the buses but we'll take that over no cold in the 90 degree weather. WiFi worked on 2 of the 4 trips, no huge deal. Drivers very nice. On/off process was smooth. 3 of the 4 trips left right on time, with one about 25 minutes late. I'd recommend to anyone who wants to travel cheap.", 'stars': '4.0'}
{'review': "I took Megabus the other weekend because BoltBus was booked (I left it a little late) Here's a list of things to know:-They say get there 15 minutes early, I say get there at least 20 min. There was already a line a dozen deep when I got there for my bus and it was about 50 deep 5 min to boarding. -Speaking of lines, the line system in NY is very confusing because they run so many buses. You'll see about 3 different lines at any given point. Make sure you ask someone which one you should be in or one of the dudes in an official looking jacket. -It's a double decker so has the feel of a normal bus up top (aka two rows of seats) but careful, the ceiling is a lot lower and there's no where to store backpacks or small bags except under your seat.-Down below they have tables you can sit at and there's much less seating, but a little less noisy than up top. -Every seat has one powerplug which is awesome and of course, they offer from wi-fi.-They also don't stop for a snack break like BoltBus - which I actually prefer - meaning you don't waste 15 min at some nasty Arbys.All in all it was a fine experience, but I got a little overwhelmed by the sheer number of people (they can bus around 80) I'm sure I'll take it again, but prefer BoltBus as it just seems a bit more civilized.", 'stars': '3.0'}
{'review': 'DO. NOT. TAKE. PAY. THEM. YOUR. MONEY. Megabus is the worst cluster**** disaster as you can get in NYC. Sure it\'s cheap but you have to deal with 2 hour delays, extremely late service, and the worst customer service know to man. My bus was two hours delayed and the side of the street was like a refugee camp with crowds of people waiting for their exit out. No one knew what was going on and we literally had to rely on each other for information. When it finally did arrive i was asked to get off the bus and wait for the next one after the guy checked my ticket and specifically told me there were 8 seats left. Not only did they not even apologize for their mistake but they yelled at me and threatened me. When they say they never overbook it\'s BULLSHIT. Over ten of us who all had "reservations" had to wait for the next bus. Finally the nail on the coffin is that they PURPOSEFULLY DO NOT ANSWER YOUR QUESTIONS. when new buses pull up I had to ask where they were going and they purposefully do not tell you and only ask you to get back in line. When the 5th or 6th bus pulled up I asked if it was \xa0going to dc and 3 customer service people refused to look at me or speak to me. It was like talking to idiot statues. The one guy that finally did respond only asked me more questions about where I was heading. The guy refused to tell me where he bus was heading and only told me to get in line and that "it was not my bus" because if he told me it were I would try to get on it. Turns out it WAS my bus and the guy LIED to me because they were instructed to NOT ANSWER QUESTIONS so it was easier to "herd" us when we were dumb. Never again!!!', 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': 'DO NOT TAKE MEGABUS!!!!They sell you a ticket online and then when the bus arrives it\'s already full and there are no seats!!! \xa0The guy at the stop said it happens often, "too often!"After driving all the way out to White Marsh and waiting for the bus, my friend couldn\'t get a seat even with a pre-booked confirmation! \xa0I hope never ever to use Megabus again!', 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "My only experience was NY to Boston and back... The bus left late from NY and customers were left standing in the cold with little information. Once on the bus many of the power sockets did not work and the wifi was pretty bad (I've driven through Vermont on a bus with better wifi). From that experience I would say that Greyhound is better.. at least the chaos is inside Port Authority rather than on the street.", 'stars': '2.0'}
{'review': "I've had horrible experiences on MegaBus. All 4 times I have left from Penn Station and the bus doesn't leave for about an hour after scheduled time. TWICE I have been stranded in Syracuse because of Megabus. The first time the bus just never showed up and I had to buy a Greyhound ticket. The second time, The bus came and there weren't enough seats. 4 people including myself were told we couldn't get on the bus. The bus driver had no information on how we could take another bus. All he could tell us was that there were no more buses coming to Syracuse that night. He wouldn't give us a refund and would not provide us with any ticket for the following day. He kept telling us to call customer service but they were not answering/put us on hold for about an hour. The bus finally left us standing there at the station- one of the passengers was in tears. Horrible. Luckily I had a place to stay that night but the others had to get a hotel room. I ended up having to take a Greyhound the next day. Greyhound is definitely the way to go or Amtrak if you can afford it. Megabus has horrible customer service and even worse, their service is not reliable.", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "I Love Megabus! I've ridden the bus between Providence and New York a couple of different times. So far I've only had great experiences with them. Megabus has left exactly on time each time I've boarded. They are clean with what seems like a little more leg room than I remember Greyhound buses having. Seats are definitely comfortable. Bathrooms were definitely cleaner too. I haven't tried their wi-fi. So I have no clue how good that is. The bus has always been pretty empty during my trips though. So my main concern right now is that one day they'll stop operating the Providence to New York route because not enough people ride it. I pray that doesn't happen. The price can't be beat. I bought two round trip tickets for me and my girlfriend and spent a total of $8.00 with a 50 cent surcharge. TWO People from Providence to New York and back for $8.50. I spent three times that amount to get a late night cab home from Downtown Providence to East Providence! I Love this Bus!", 'stars': '5.0'}
{'review': "A classic once said that 'a theater starts with a hanger'. Likewise, every trip starts with transportation. Having no car in NYC has tons of pros but some cons as well. The latter being having no good cheap way of getting outside the city. So when we were planning our 4 day trip to Atlantic City we decided that renting a car just to use it for driving there and back and having it sit in front of our hotel for 4 days without use and dropping 5 bills on it makes no sense. So I bought online a round trip ticket from NYC to AC for $10. Yes, $10. I would pay for tolls more and probably get stuck in traffic in the city for 2 hours. I have no reasonable explanation of how they can keep prices that low. Having paid $10, I have only reasonable expectation: having my seat available, leaving and arriving on time and arriving safe. When coming back from AC to NY, we also had no issues at all: on time departure, 2 hours later we are back in NY. I hope everyone else will have the same great experience.", 'stars': '4.0'}
{'review': "umm.. no. i don't think so. \xa0baltimore definitely was not part of the deal for a washington-nyc segment. \xa0never again.", 'stars': '2.0'}
{'review': 'Just got home (Philly to New York) and the bus that should have come at 9:30 PM came around 11:30 PM. The least a bus company could do is come on time or within 5 minutes.', 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "TERRIBLE CUSTOMER SERVICEI booked 2 bus tickets for Atlantic City on the Mega Bus website. There was confusion about where to board. So first we went to Port Authority looking for Mega Bus. Nobody knew where Mega Bus was located. We had booked a 3 pm bus trip. By this time we already missed the bus. Someone told me we had to go back near Madison Square Garden. Thanks dumb dumb. So we went to MSG and went to the Mega Bus booth. The rude lady simply said we missed the 4:00 bus we have to pay 10 dollars for late charge. She told us the next bus leaves for Atlantic City at 5:30. \xa0So at 5:30 we look and look but nooo Atlantic City Bus. We ask one of the bus drivers and he told us we have to go back to Port Authority, Mega Bus is using Acadamy buses. That is were the confusion started. When we went to Acadamy they said they can't honor my Mega Bus online tickets. TOTAL BULLS*IT! I paid 70 dollars for 2 tickets.In total $105I will hunt mega bus customer service for my full refund!", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': 'Busses are clean and quiet \xa0and wifi works nicely, but based on my last \xa0two trips \xa0 give yourself extra time for mechanical problems that will delay your departure an hour or so.', 'stars': '2.0'}
{'review': 'Megabus has been a mixed experience for me. I\'ve done Philly to New York twice, and both were decent experiences. The lines were orderly, the buses departed on time, someone helped out with our luggage, and on one route the driver was friendly-- as if she actually kind of enjoyed her job! However, taking Megabus from New York was significantly more caustic. As other reviewers have commented, I think it\'s pretty common for the buses to be extremely late. My 3:45 bus to Philly left at 4:25; the line next to us for Boston, which must have had at least 100 people on it, was for a 3:30 bus. By the time our bus left, the poor Boston crowd had not moved in that long, scary parking lot. (Another downside of Megabus: you have to stand in that lot regardless of the weather, and since the buses never depart as scheduled, you could be standing there for a looooong time.) There were plenty of MB employees milling about, but no one offers any explanation or apology for the delays. The worst part was, the bus wasn\'t actually "express," because we had THREE DIFFERENT DRIVERS! Only one, the second one who got on in a parking lot off the NJ turnpike next to a giant Oreo truck, actually spoke to us. There was also no warning or explanation for why we kept stopping. After a while we just figured out that we must be getting a new driver.Philly to DC wasn\'t great, either. Again, the bus was clean and wifi seemed to be working (at least according to the laptop of the passenger next to me), but this time the driver got lost and pulled over for 15 minutes or so, waiting for directions from his dispatcher. (We only found out why when a passenger asked him and then kindly made the announcement to the rest of us). Megabus isn\'t a bad deal for the money, but if you have a choice, I\'d say go with Bolt Bus every time. It might cost a little more, but they seem to have a much better track record of leaving on time, and from what I can tell, the drivers are generally more professional.', 'stars': '2.0'}
{'review': 'Ok, let me first just say..."You get what you pay for" with Megabus. \xa0I will say my trip went as planned from State College, PA to NYC and back. \xa0Bus was on time and the ride was smooth, the bus was clean...outlets worked, no wifi though. \xa0I used the email I received as my ticket, just showed them my phone and that was good. \xa0They stopped two hours into our trip for a rest break at a gas station. \xa0Actually the ride all in all was pleasant. \xa0Getting back from NYC was a little scary at first. \xa0They have this parking lot with a bunch of lines formed seperated by chains and your town on a sign in front with an attendant pointing you in the right direction.Now I will start my review of what I saw on my trip during Megabus. \xa0When we were picked up in State College (2nd stop from Pitt to NYC) the bus was pretty much full. \xa0It was 2 AM and my girlfriend and I had to go on and sit apart. \xa0However behind us a family of five wasn\'t allowed to board because they apparently had overbooked. \xa0There was only three seats available so the family (obviously very mad) were told only three could board or all wait for another bus. \xa0Well we pull out of State College and about five miles down the highway the bus pulls over and they check everyone\'s tickets again. \xa0A girl and her boyfriend behind me had tickets reserved for the prior week so they were on the wrong bus, but no one checked them in Pitt so they made it on. \xa0Right there was the two seats. \xa0So instead of turning around and seeing if those people were still there, these idiots were allowed to continue on to NYC. \xa0I actually hope that family of 5 reported them to the better business bureau.Now my trip back from NYC to SC was great, not overpacked or anything. \xa0However from standing in line I noticed the NYC to DC buses and NYC to Baltimore were super long. \xa0Apparently because of the traffic those buses tend to run a little late up to an hour or so maybe even more at times. \xa0Also kinda concerned me that they didn\'t check our reservation no. too close on the trip back...I coulda snuck anyone onto the bus with me, but hey that\'s where you get what you paid for comes into play.If I need to budget for a trip and amtrak gets too crazy pricewise I would take MegaBus again, but I hate not knowing if I\'m getting on the bus or not and apparently Megabus isn\'t too slick about keeping track of that. \xa0Just be early and you should be ok.', 'stars': '2.0'}
{'review': 'Due to a series of unfortunate events (no-not the film/novel by Lemony Snicket, narrated by Jude Law) I was stranded (I sense a theme...) in DC for a few hours, without transport.With little money to my name and no way to return to NYC, I searched for a solution "Ah, Boltbus" I thought. "No-I need to buy a ticket in advance-they never take money for a ticket otherwise" I thought. (At the DC location they hadn\'t for some reason) "Megabus" was my next thought. After wandering DC for a prepaid credit card I returned to Megabus, which only accepted credit as payment.Fine.I purchased a seat, happily ran into the bus and sat in the back with some young men eating some strange-smelling victual which apparently grossed out every person on the top of the bus except me. Fine, more room for us.And then the Chatty Cathies came. I don\'t know them. I don\'t want to know them, but by all that is good they must have been the worst bus patrons I\'ve ever seen.Aside from obnoxiously loud discussions in the seat in front of me, they decided of their own accord to remove their footwear and dangle their feet over the side of the stairwell, hanging inches from all who walked up the steps. Gross, but I could let things go.The wifi worked, so I was happy reading email and watching videos from an external HD. It was a little cramped compared to BoltBus, which boasts about their extra legroom. I will never take that for granted again.The same Chatty Cathies decided that they didn\'t have enough room, and proceeded to adjust their seats quite far back.After Chatty Cathie A realized Chatty Cathie B was squishing yours truly, she turned and in the most fake pseudo-innocent cutesy voice she could muster said "I\'m sorry-am I hurting you?" "Uh, yes, you are". She apologized, but LEFT THE SEAT THE WAY IT WAS.I left it alone-I sat across two seats.Until we get to MD, and picked up a lot more people. Someone needed to sit where my legs were.I spent the next 3.5 hours shifting uncomfortably in a seat with very little legroom, my seat pushed all the way back (I asked the person behind me if they minded-I\'m not so terribly inconsiderate)I have never been happier to return to NYC from a bus trip in my life. I practically hugged the ground and kissed the man sleeping in a doorway to shelter himself from the sun.While I can\'t say that all bus trips on Megabus would be like that, for the similar price point, more leg room, less obnoxious riders and a nice degree of comfort, I\'ll stick with BoltBus. Megabus, you MegaStink.', 'stars': '2.0'}
{'review': 'I\'ve taken it once it was simply awful. The internet is censored (youtube is blocked!), I\'m 4\'11" and if I wanted my knees that far in my mouth I would have had them surgically implanted. The only redeeming quality is the price and even for that just spend an extra couple of bucks and get on BoltBus.', 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': 'Worst customer service I\'ve ever had the displeasure of dealing with. Went online at 9:45am to look for a ticket. First available bus was at 11:59. I assumed it was 11:59am since it was the first ticket on the list. Lo and behold its for 11:59pm. I call customer service to get it changed. Get put on hold for half hour and finally I\'m told that I can get an earlier ticket, I just need to pay again. I asked if I could be comped or at least receive a credit for the 11:59pm purchase. I was told no because it was MY mistake to not look at the am or pm designation and "because you should have been paying more attention". Listen, I dont need to be lectured by some dumb customer service rep that gets her departure times in military time. It was my fault that I ASSUMED that the 11:59 was a morning bus but it was MEGABUS\'s fault for putting an 11:59 first. Or at the very least, Mega Bus couldve used military time, cause they use military time for their employees for a reason. So i just bought a Bolt Bus ticket. no hassle, no problems, no wifi deadspots and NO USELESS CUSTOMER SERVICE. AVIOD MEGA BUS, DONT PUT YOURSELF THROUGH THE PAINsimply the worst service available. Plenty of other bus services.', 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': 'Boy oh boy I was not impressed with my first experience on Megabus.Here\'s the deal: I don\'t have a car, thus I am at the mercy of public transportation. Since Amtrak is utterly insane in terms of price, it\'s pretty much the bus or nothing if I want to travel. However, after two disastrous trips on Greyhound last summer, I refuse to give them any business again, so it\'s up to other buses.Most of them I\'ve yet to have a problem with (I recommend Lucky Star to Boston and New Century to Philadelphia), but I had yet to try Megabus. So after getting the urge to take in a couple of Yankees/Orioles games down in Baltimore, I figured I\'d give Megabus a shot.First of all, I\'m guessing they\'ve done away with the $1 fares because it was never even an option for me at the site. Nevertheless, I booked my ticket for a reasonable $30 roundtrip.So here are the pluses. First of all, when they say arrive :30 early, they mean it. I was at the end of the line when I arrived 35 minutes prior to departure. So that\'s a plus over the Chinatown buses where you could honestly arrive 10 minutes beforehand and still get on (at least it is in my book, since I try to arrive early for trips). Also, despite the 11:45 AM departure time, the entire bus was full (you have to reserve tickets to get on) and they left at 11:38. Nice.Minuses...the driver was somewhat rude. I had a plastic drink cup that was nearly finished and before I got on the bus I was bluntly told not to bring it on. Then before the bus left, the driver delivered a strict and puzzling message about how "no drinks whatsoever are allowed and if I see one, you\'ll be thrown off the bus and forced to walk the rest of the way." How delightful. Also, the bus we were given wasn\'t even a Megabus. It was some white charter bus. Not that big of a deal, but a little strange. The ride was brutal because of non-stop traffic down I-95, but that isn\'t Megabus\' fault. Neither was the fact that the White Marsh Park-N-Ride (the Baltimore bus stop) was affected by a water-mane break at the mall roughly an hour before the bus was scheduled to arrive. Nevertheless, the driver took an extremely confusing roundabout route that tacked on another 45 minutes to the trip, despite being mere feet away from the stop.Oh and the White Marsh Park-N-Ride is 45 minutes north of Downtown Baltimore. Please tell me why they can\'t actually serve the city of Baltimore, like they do with Boston, Philly and D.C.?I was so dissatisfied with my ride that when I got to my hotel, I hopped online and purchased a ticket for the Tony Bus for my trip home, sufficiently flushing $15 down the toilet. Tony Bus actually leaves from the city (Baltimore Travel Plaza) and you aren\'t forced with ejection for drinking a Vitamin Water!Overall, a brutal experience. Maybe it\'s better for other cities. I will give it a shot again, especially since it stops at downtown locations for most other cities, but if you are planning a trip to Baltimore, I strongly urge taking the Tony Bus instead.', 'stars': '2.0'}
{'review': "I reviewed Megabus on the DC page, but since it warrants such a poor review, I'm posting here as well...If \xa0you are looking for a DC-NY bus, this is the worst of the bunch. It rarely leaves on time, the buses are dirty and smelly, and there is no order when they load the buses. \xa0Given this, it is obviously even worse -- beadlem -- on busy travel days, such as Thanksgiving / holiday weekends / etc. So steer clear. The frustrating part is that they are consistently ill-prepared to deal with loading people on buses properly - something youd think is the cornerstone of running a bus company.Bolt is much better.", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "A really cheap ride. \xa0Overall, a solid method of transportation. \xa0Be aware, the bus usually leaves about 20 minutes late, and don't expect to get to your destination on time. \xa0The estimated arrival times totally discount traffic, and every time I've taken the bus, we've been stuck in some pretty bad jams.", 'stars': '3.0'}
{'review': 'I\'ve taken Megabus twice, once from Boston to New York and then from New York to Boston. \xa0The idea is excellent--low fares, onboard internet connection, and double-decker buses. \xa0The operation is disappointing.My most important point is that just because the company offers low fares doesn\'t give them the right to be rude, obnoxious, and incompetent. \xa0The biggest problem is their New York City operation, which--if it weren\'t so bad for the customers--would be a huge joke. \xa0They make people wait in the hot sun on the sidewalk outside Penn Station, keep them uninformed (e.g. when the bus is at least an hour late), and love to yell at people (e.g. "Move the line!"). \xa0The bus was extremely late (which nobody bothered to tell us), the driver was dangerous (e.g. he ran through a red light and almost hit another car and then tailgated on the highway), and there was no internet connection.Still, some people have no choice but to take the bus because they have budget constraints. \xa0My suggestion is that instead of simply seething in anger or whining to each other, that the next time we all speak up as paying customers. \xa0Remember, without our money and business, Megabus would not exist. \xa0So, please speak up--tell the staff when they are being rude, tell the driver to slow down, and let the management know when they are screwing up. \xa0And please do so politely but firmly. \xa0I let the management know how bad my experience was, and they said they would do something about it. \xa0I\'m not sure they did, but the more of us who speak up and let them know what they\'re doing wrong, the greater the chances that their service might actually improve.', 'stars': '2.0'}
{'review': "Stupid long lines on the street for the bus, cramped seating, FIVE HOUR TRIP from NYC to BOS. \xa0Dumb...I'm only going to make this mistake once!", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "I can't really review Megabus because we didn't get to take it. We got a bait and switch.We had tickets for a 6:30 bus to Boston, and I know leaving New York on Sunday night is unavoidably intense, but when we arrived 35 minutes early the line was already long enough to snake from the curb to Penn Station and back. They had two buses leave at 6:30, one Megabus, one regular coach. We ended up on the non-Megabus, which did not have the much-touted wireless. It was full and bf and I didn't get two seats together, which was our reason for getting there early. The bathroom door didn't close, so the poor girl sitting next to the bathroom had to prop her bag against it and move it each time someone went in.It was much like riding the Fung Wah with fewer Chinese people and at legal speeds.", 'stars': '2.0'}
{'review': 'The ghost who drove my bus was very courteous, however, the rapper sitting next to my friend did not write any verses about her. Two stars.', 'stars': '3.0'}
{'review': "A quick summary of my pros/cons-Pros: good pricesCons: delays, freezing, not very nice staff, inconsistent with checking reservations, don't plan bus capacity according to reservations bookedWe experienced Megabus 3 times this past week- DC to Philly, Philly to New York, and New York to Philly. It did the job and was definitely cheaper than any other options when we bought, but boy do they try hard to make their customers dislike them. For the week we rode them, they were consistently 45min-1hr delayed (even though the bus was usually there; they just weren't boarding). They made us buy a ticket for our just over 2yr old son even though he never sat in his own seat (understandable since this is the same policy airlines have), but then they kept questioning us on one of the routes that we were using 3 seats. On our Philly to New York ride, we got on at 30th street but then there was another pickup at Market. Some poor family searched the whole bus for seats (in the process telling us that we had one of their seats) and they weren't able to ride because the bus was full (and they had a reservation!). This was strange too, because on our first ride, the staff carefully checked everyone's reservation and marked off each one and the number of passengers. Our second ride, the guy glanced at our reservation but it didn't look like he processed anything from it, and then they never checked for our last ride! No wonder they screwed up the number allowed on the bus. My guess is they let on some stand by people without considering the people who had previously bought reservations. Highly questionable to me.They also claim free internet and power outlets, although the internet was so slow the login page wouldn't load and we weren't able to get any power outlets to work (also saw lots of people switching seats to find one that worked). And what's the deal with the blasting air conditioning?? You have some control over the vents directly above your head to that you don't have it blowing in your face the whole ride, but the bus was still FREEZING. What a waste of energy. We wore sweatshirts on two of the rides but even those didn't do much to help us. I really just wanted sweats and a winter coat (yes, in August).In closing, ok to ride if you don't want to pay much, you don't have something really pressing you need to be on time for, and you plan to pack winter gear for the ride.", 'stars': '2.0'}
{'review': 'do not take this bus! \xa0it will break down, and they will say they are sending another bus. \xa0and that replacement bus take 2.5 hours. \xa0woo hoo!', 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "They get ONE star for their price, but other than that..everything is sooo crappy! I have had THEE worst experience with this company... If I could give them a half a star for customer service, I would. BUT I can't. Anyway, where do I start? The driver that dropped off a couple in the middle of the street, in the middle of a T-Storm, or to the driver that almost got hit by a gas truck? Crazytown! And I always feel dirty leaving the bus... not a good experience. If you are on a budget and don't care for the above this is the best bet, but don't do it if you are a princess...", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "The situation: A cousin of mine had ridden Megabus from New York to Toronto in the dead of Winter, only to be turned back at the last moment because of unexpected snow. \xa0Megabus assured her they would pay for the new bus reservation and a hotel for the night, but a telephone call the next day turned up no results. \xa0Neither did they reply to a subsequent email detailing what happened and a request for reimbursement. \xa0Which is all understandable - things can get lost in the shuffle. \xa0But to be treated condescendingly when we have a genuine complaint? Don't ride Megabus. \xa0Save your money and use another service.", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': 'The only way Megabus stays in business must be by getting customers that have never ridden them before. Boltbus is vastly superior--I made a huge mistake of assuming Megabus would be the same. It is not. A big difference apparently is that Megabus runs their buses in loops, so if your bus was delayed getting in, you will be delayed, and then that will snowball. On a recent NYP-Philadelphia trip, we left almost 2 hours late and arrived 2:20 late, after stopping to change drivers twice. Terrible company. Sure to go out of business soon. Not worth the $1 you are saving by taking them instead of Boltbus.', 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "I've use Megabus countless of times, and probably paid less than $100 for all the traveling I've done with them. I've only used Megabus for 2 routes: Buffalo to NYC and Pilly to NYC. I have never experienced any problems with Megabus. Only once was my bus broke down in the terminal, and was quickly remedied by the company renting a new one an hour later. I've usually arrived early with Megabus. The double decker buses are reasonably comfortable (starts to wear thin after 4 hrs, so kind of uncomfortable for a long 8 hour journey) and have power outlets (PERFECT for a long journey). However, WiFi is pretty much worthless on Megabus. Workes a bit in NYC and Jersey, but too spotty anywhere else. \xa0I just tether my lappy to my Sprint Palm Pre instead.", 'stars': '4.0'}
{'review': "I \xa0have used Megabus a few times to get from New York to Boston. \xa0I will not be choosing this again. \xa0Leaving Boston, we were not told that a replacement bus was going to be ours for the ride. \xa0That meant fewer seats, no WiFi, no power outlets. \xa0We were also not given an option to take another bus, not that I could, but there was no announcement. \xa0The seat back I was facing had some smears of brownish caked on material. It was filthy and disgusting. \xa0The bus driver stopped somewhere around New Haven and got out of the bus and left us. \xa0If you have ever been on one of these rides you know that they usually let you off for a little stretch and possibly food. \xa0But this guy left with no word. He went into a gas station where he spent almost 10 minutes. \xa0A normal amount of time for a break. \xa0He came back and got back on the highway with no word. \xa0Then when traffic came up, he took a scenic detour through Darien, CT. \xa0He then proceeded to tell us that if anyone told their friends about this way, he'd kill us. \xa0Hilarious joke. \xa0Then came the commentary about how no black people lived there b/c it is one of the richest communities in the states. \xa0(driver was a black man himself). \xa0 I didn't appreciate the weird commentary or lack of information. \xa0It made most of us feel very uncomfortable.The *only* good thing about this ride was that it was on time. \xa0I wrote customer service and still haven't hear back. \xa0WORST customer service ever. \xa0DO NOT TAKE..... I'm going amtrak from now on.", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "Cleanliness, on-time departures, and overall quality are on their way down. However, you can't beat the price! I've taken it to Toronto from NYC several times - it's WAY cheaper and FASTER than Amtrak and less scary than greyhound. I don't really understand all of the whining - what do you expect when you hardly pay anything? The round trip price ($40-70) is probably less than what you would pay in gas to drive yourself.", 'stars': '4.0'}
{'review': "I love telling people I got round trip tickets to Boston for $2.50. In this day and age, it really is unheard of. But if you book early enough, you too can get tickets for this price. If you're leaving from NYC, get there early because the line to get on the bus fills fast and you're pretty much seated in the order that everyone arrives. They boast about free wi-fi but I've never gotten it to work and I've taken 4 megabus trips so far. BUT for $2.50 I am NOT going to complain. Although its not first class traveling, they will get you to Boston in 4 hours or less and again, think about what you're paying and you'll probably forget about any megabus complains that you have.", 'stars': '4.0'}
{'review': "Pros and Cons compared to Sunshine / Lucky Star busline to Boston - New York:+ Movie during trip+ Free wi-fi+ Less crowded bus+ Leaves from Penn Station (as opposed to China Town)+ Our driver (Paul) was really sweet. \xa0He talked during the trip to let us know what was happening - traffic, detours, etc. - No stops for food / restroom break.- No toilet paper left in the bus bathroom during my trip.- Arrived almost an hour late.- Lucky Star trips are $15 regardless of when you purchase your ticket. \xa0Megabus gets more expensive the closer you get to departure. \xa0If you want to travel for $15 with Megabus, you've got to buy your ticket at least 4 days in advance.", 'stars': '3.0'}
{'review': "I could make some complaints about the Megabus, but for the price and frequency, there's nothing that can beat it. I use Megabus at least a few times a month to go to Philly, and I'm very happy. If I show up early for the bus, they usually let me get on the one that's waiting there. And I showed up late once, and the driver let me get on the next bus. Amtrak is $106 to Philly, so I can't complain about $13 roundtrip on Megabus.", 'stars': '4.0'}
{'review': "After several really bad experiences with Megabus, I stopped riding and for the past year, have been a Bolt Bus snob, if there's such a thing. My bad experiences were due to Megabus being consistently late anytime I rode on it, and also because it seemed like they wouldn't sell out, as Bolt Bus does. So that meant I was patiently waiting for my bus, then it would show up 1/2 hour late, and then... I couldn't even get on it because the 70 people in front of me in line had a ticket for the same bus as me.But I recently rode Megabus again because its stop in NYC from Boston is literally on my street. And I have to say, the ride was very pleasant. I hopped on at the Back Bay station in Boston which is SO much better than South Station, and it was smooth sailing from there. We left on time and arrived right on schedule. We were on a spacey double- decker and I was happy to see they have a little headphone plug in and complimentary radio. And I'm pretty sure I paid $1.50 for it. Yes, like Bolt Bus, if you book early enough and are the first buyer for a ride, your ride will probably be a whole dollar. Can't complain about that.", 'stars': '4.0'}
{'review': "Buses break down, I get that.Takes a while for replacement buses to come, I get that too.Bus doesn't have wireless internet or plug-ins - fine, I just want to get home. \xa0Bus Driver, taking back roads for two hours, making pit stops along the way to drop off other passangers, going straight through a red light, and reversing down the middle of a street - I don't get any of it.Tried to explain what happened to their customer service. \xa0Got directed to another customer service number who then redirected me yet again to inquiries@megabus.com. \xa0Still waiting for a response....If you can't get me from point A to point B safely and securely and you don't care to listed to your customers experiences with hopes of improving the level of customer service provided to future riders there is no way I can ever reccomend Megabus.Never again...", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': 'NY-Boston....Our bus arrived an hour and a half late. The line was here to Timbuktu. The bus had plenty of room and we picked a good seat towards the front so we could stretch our legs. As we got off and running we hit bad traffic and the bus driver got tired of driving so he turned into a turnabout and then backed up on the freeway!!! Drove an "hour" back in the other direction to NYC to meet up with another driver who would take us the rest of the way. We had alot of angry people on the bus. The bathroom was sickeningly disgusting. We got there at quarter of 3 in the morning! Not going with Mega ever again!', 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': 'Another "you get what you pay for" kind of thing. I\'ve taken Megabus from NYC to Philly, Albany, and DC. I\'ve also taken Boltbus (its main competitor) to Philly and DC so have a pretty good comparison. Megabus is cheap, and when it runs on time, efficient. The drivers are usually pretty nice. However, Megabus is much more unpredictable. When it works, its great value. When it doesn\'t, it\'s just cheap. Megabus\'s supposedly have wifi. Most of the buses I\'ve been on either don\'t, or it\'s really intermittent. Megabus is supposed to be clean. But when they\'re running late, they don\'t clean the bus. This resulted in an absolutely filthy bus back from Philadelphia to New York last night (props to Megabus for adding a 1:30 AM special bus for people going to the World Series--except it left at 2). This also meant that the bathroom on a DC-NYC bus was completely clogged and unusable, and the driver was already late so wouldn\'t stop. Basically it\'s a 50-50 crapshoot on whether or not you\'re going to get a clean on time bus or a dirty late bus. When I travel megabus roundtrip (and it\'s only because Bolt is sold out or inconvenient that this happens), one of the buses will be late/dirty/break down. For the route up to Albany, definitely a great, less expensive alternative to Amtrak. For the Northeast corridor routes, stick to Bolt if you can, but Megabus is decent enough if you can\'t, albeit unreliable. Also a side note: Megabus\'s pick up point in Philadelphia is poorly marked. If you\'re looking for it, it\'s directly in front of the station on the south side where the taxis drop off. THERE IS NO SIGN. If you\'re in front of the station on the corner of street where the parking lots are, you\'re in the right place.', 'stars': '3.0'}
{'review': "my trip to boston on 2/26 got cancelled due to the snowstorm. luckily i had checked their website for any notices that morning because i didn't get an email about the cancellation until 3/3. and then i proceeded to get 15 more repeat emails about the snowstorm for the next TWO WEEKS. i called customer service on 2/28 and requested the full refund. the rep i spoke to said it'd take about 5 days. 7 days later, i called again, but this time the rep said to wait 5-10 business days. finally on 3/17 i got an email saying i've been refunded the full amount... except i haven't seen ANY sign of a refund. today i got a follow-up email saying i should expect my refund within 7-10 business days. so i've never ridden megabus, but just this experience with their SLOWWWW customer service was frustrating enough to steer me away in the future.", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "I've stopped using Megabus -- sadly, I've gone back to Greyhound because Megabus is now even worse than Greyhound in every sense. :( \xa0I had such high hopes for Megabus. \xa0But the company has gone downhill frighteningly fast -- so much that I no longer feel safe with the drivers or the buses. \xa0I do not feel they're hiring qualified or safe people. \xa0(And as many others have said, the experience leaving NYC is now horribly disorganized and buses are routinely several hours late.)", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': 'Every single time I use megabus, I had to wait two hours. EVERYTIME. never ever taking this bus again. And worst customer service. Piece a sh*t bus service.', 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "I took Megabus to Baltimore over the holiday this past weekend. There is no crowd or line control. I arrived an hour early to make sure I got a seat, there were many lines and no one monitoring them. When the bus arrived (15 minutes late) the back of the line rushed to the front in what became a complete free-for-all. People who had no evidence of tickets were allowed to board. I had the same exact experience on the way home- at the stop in Baltimore the line attendant hid in his car and even though I had been the first there, because I was uninitiated and didn't know to go knock on his car's window, I was assigned a later line number. The bus was completely over-booked and we were delayed in Baltimore while the driver and attendants debated how many stand-bys they had let on and what to do about it. What should be a 4 hour ride was a 6 hour ride. I would recommend Bolt or any competitor bus service.", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "The absolute worst...they promise wifi and power outlets; 2 things that make riding a bus not feel like you're traveling through the 7 levels of hell. \xa0Neither ever work. \xa0Also, I've been on this line 2 times, both times the bus has broke down. \xa0I'll never use these guys again.", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "I've taken Megabus more than ten times in the past year, most recently from DC yesterday, and it just keeps getting worse. \xa0 The bus left 20 minutes late and arrived more than 90 minutes late. The WiFi has worked on only one of the ten trips and yesterday the outlets didn't work either. \xa0The bus was very loud not only with conversation but with people playing music without earphones. It was a miserable 6 hour ride that was supposed to be 4.5 hours. The advantages of Megabus have always been cost and frequent departures. \xa0While I haven't found BoltBus to be any better, the DC2NY and VaMoose services are slightly more expensive but well worth the extra $10-20 dollars. \xa0If you can avoid taking Megabus, do it.", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "Being that I like to try new services, I decided to give them a try one night. \xa0The double decker bus may look neat on the outside but I felt rather claustrophobic during my ride to Philly. \xa0I happened to sit on the lower floor. \xa0If it weren't for my friend who was with me, I'd probably would have given this bus service a 1-star rating. \xa0There was a point during my ride when I picked up fresh smelling diarrhea in the air. \xa0I couldn't believe my nose! \xa0There were loud, rambunctious kids on the bus but it didn't appear to me that someone was changing a diaper. \xa0I think it had more to do with a faulty restroom. \xa0They may be $1 cheaper than BoltBus but the itchy seats and bad air quality doesn't justify it for me. \xa0The one plus that came out of it was making a stop @ Market St. in Center City before heading off to the final stop by 30th St. Station.", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': 'I\'ve had the worse customer service at the 430pm NYC to DC trip because when we waited in line, the Megabus employee usually goes through the line, making sure everyone has a ticket, etc. \xa0The bus was loading, so I walked up the driver, asking where to exchange tickets. \xa0There was a guy with a man\'s white tank top, with his pants under his hips, where you could see his underwear, yelling at me. \xa0I wouldn\'t ever think this is a Megabus employee because of the way he was talking to me, and the way he was dressed, including not wearing the blue shirt. \xa0After 3 times, I kept saying where do you to exchange tickets, he points to another gentlemen, so says wait over there. \xa0A lot more people came that wanted to do the same thing, but they let them stay by the bus. \xa0When the time got closer, I asked when do they decide if we can buy tickets, the guy with a blue shirt said 5 minutes before. \xa0I said we were here before that group over there came, and his reply was "I said to stand over in that line." \xa0I was in shock, and said, "are you serious, or are you joking?" \xa0With a blank stare, he said he was serious. \xa0Then he went over to lines that said Boston, and yelled anyone here for DC. \xa0Then came back to me, and pointed to the first guy saying, go over to him. \xa0This has been by far the worse I\'ve ever had with any form of transportation, and this happened in front of my daughter\'s 18th birthday we were celebrating in NYC. \xa0This men should be removed from their positions for having the worse customer service ever in all of my experiences of traveling many places.', 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "Megabus will leave you standing in 30 degree windy winter weather for over an hour while your bus fails to arrive. I think I have frostbite of the toes. I'm going to have to get cosmetic toe surgery and they're going to be all perky and unnatural looking and every time I glance down at them in the shower I'm going to curse megabus's name.", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': 'Gone to Philly and DC from NYC with megabus. Prompt departing, clean bathroom (as far as coach bathroom can be) and decent space. BUT. Very upset at the so called WIFI. Yes it says connected. BUT the internet on both trips, thats 4 ways, did not work, 4 different buses. Get it together, if you say you have wifi i expect to have it.', 'stars': '3.0'}
{'review': "Many people have horror stories about Megabus. On our last NYC-Boston trip, we took it because it was cheap and we were feeling optimistic. Never again. \xa01. Our driver regularly ran red lights, tailgated aggressively at about 80mph, and generally went way, way over the speed limit, making the ride a rather terrifying experience. 2. On the way home, our scheduled bus never appeared. The crowd outside Penn station was wild, and there was no management of the situation by Megabus whatsoever. No information about when a bus was coming, no instruction about who should get on what bus when. Anarchy. We finally got on a bus 2 hours later than scheduled. No internet. I complained and got no response. This company offers a low-quality product and basically doesn't pretend otherwise. They manage to sell seats because their prices are low and there's a lot of demand. But really, they are terrible, and next time I'll pay the extra money to get to NYC a different way.", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': 'So I\'ve been a regular rider of MegaBus and did not have much issues with it up until my family and I decided to take it up to New York City Dec 22nd for Christmas. MegaBus had just recently given the option for a "one-way" trip from Durham to NYC. I decided to go for it, which was a big mistake. It was never stated on the print-out receipt that we had to change buses in DC. We were literally thrown out in the freezing cold at around 6am and were told to wait (after grabbing every person we can find) till 8:30am for a bus to NYC. We were appalled, not to mention drowsy and freezing at the bus stop. After asking around, we were told that if we stand by the "stand-by" sign they had, we can jump on the earliest bus to NYC for $5 per person. We took this option and left on the supposed "8am" bus. The other bus riders from Durham going to NYC were equally shocked. Never again.Don\'t take the supposed Durham to NYC "one-way option", unless you are ready to wait a good few hours for your bus in DC.(also written for the Durham, NC stop)', 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "Just horrible. I took the Cincinnati to Chicago bus last Sunday, July 18th. About 30 minutes into the trip the bus was practically flooding. Water was pouring down the steps from the upper level like a water fall. I'm not even kidding. Luckily I was on the lower level. But eventually the water made its' way downstairs and my belonings on the floor got wet. When we stopped at the rest stop people sitting on the upper level were soaked. The driver then turned the air conditiong off. We assumed that was the problem. That didn't bother me. I can handle heat. But when dirty water started dripping through the ceiling onto my hair and clothes, that was the last straw. Ridiculous. I've already complained to Megabus twice and have still not received a response. The only reason I gave two stars is because the bus driver was VERY nice and the other passengers were chatty and friendly.", 'stars': '2.0'}
{'review': "WORST BUS RIDE EVER!!!! Going to NYC from Washington DC, the bus was 1.5 hours late. Coming back from NYC to Washington DC, on the Baltimore stop, the bus driver told us that the bus is running on E and we might not be able to make it DC. I'm on the bus right now and I have no idea where he's taking us. FML.", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "I travel to Philly quite often & the recent explosion of discount bus lines have really made traveling so much affordable. (Well, the recent explosion of LEGIT discount bus chains-- you couldn't pay me enough to ride one of those shady Chinatown buses!) For that I am eternally grateful. However, not surprisingly, there are pros as well as cons. PROS: Megabus is by far the cheapest. I'm able to find $1 fares a hell of a lot more than I am with BoltBus. But in general, they always seem to be a few dollars less than their competitors. Also, you're able to book further in advance (I think you can only book like, a month in advance for BoltBus). Some like their new double-decker buses. \xa0Truth be told, I'm not a huge fan of them (there are no overhead compartments), but at least it holds more people. CONS: While it seems to be getting better, Megabus doesn't really seem to have a fleet of buses. Rather, the bus you're taking is the one coming from another city. So if I'm taking a 7pm bus from NYC to Philly, that's the 5pm Philly to NYC bus... therefore, if it gets stuck in an hour-long traffic jam, I'm also stuck waiting on the corner of 31st & 8th for an extra hour. And vice-versa. It's a real bitch when that happens in the cold winter months. I once spent 45 minutes waiting on the corner of 30th & Market in the freezing cold. Last summer, I waited almost an hour & a half on the same corner in the muggy heat. That's a big inconvenience. I only keep coming back b/c I find these cheap-ass fares! But I keep telling myself that it'll be the last time. I'd say every other trip is a headache. You really have to travel off-peak hours for it to go smoothly. Speaking of which, boarding the buses are always a bitch. In NYC, there are always lines for other cities intertwining with one another. With no signage or any clear directions from Megabus staff, you have to rely on asking other riders which city they're traveling to... that way you know if you're in the right line or not. Sometimes it's like the blind leading the blind. That said, I keep traveling on Megabus b/c it's hella-cheap. But I'm a few more hold-ups & headaches away from calling it quits & sticking with Boltbus. The prices are cheap. The buses are clean. But travel at your own risk!", 'stars': '3.0'}
{'review': "it's like megabus knew it had won me over and was sure that i already in love. tried to take the bus HOME from hartford last night. arrived on randomly chosen street corner to see angry posse of people waiting. their bus was already an hour late. this did not bode well for my bus to be certain. soon my bus came, still 15 minutes late. we bus only 15 minutes late people were told that we couldn't take this bus and the bus an hour and 15 minutes laters took that bus instead. leaving me and my shit and several other kind people waiting, again at a randomly chosen street corner. a long story, but the moral is this...i waited until around 8pm for a bus ticket that was \xa0for 615pm. suck it megabus.", 'stars': '2.0'}
{'review': "$2.50 for round-trip tickets to cities like Boston, Washington DC, and Toronto. Get the tickets really early, and then, if you can't use them, what's the loss?That's the short of it. I've been a loyal member of the cattle, er, clientele ever since my partner-at-the-time and I saw them rolling around Chicago. We went all sorts of places all the time, and with enough advance notice we never spent more than $9 for round-trip tickets each.", 'stars': '4.0'}
{'review': "I go from NYC to DC a lot, and though Megabus isn't perfect, it's my favorite of all the el cheapo bus services. It's consistently cheaper than Bolt, has more departure times, and has an actual customer service office staffed with actual customer service people. Even if they're sometimes surly or unhelpful, at least they can confirm that your bus does in fact exist - unlike Bolt, where you're just waiting on a random sidewalk hoping a bus will someday materialize. Megabus has all the usual bus features, including smelly bathrooms, inconsiderate fellow passengers, and manhandled luggage - I don't count these factors against it, because it's a bus, what else can I expect? Megabus also has wifi, although no outlets, but I'm willing to sacrifice the outlets in favor of getting to my destination on schedule (Megabus is 3 for 4 on that score, BoltBus 0 for 4). I also appreciate that Megabus boards people in the order that they arrive (Bolt has this lettered boarding system that they sometimes follow, or not, depending on how the driver is feeling that day). I have a dream that someday, our children will be able to ride in cheap, silent, spacious, efficient comfort from one East Coast metropolitan area to another. Until that day, I'll be riding Megabus.", 'stars': '5.0'}
{'review': 'I am posting my email to megabus... never AGAIN!I just took Megabus out of Boston to and from NY. Great looking bus, great staff out of Boston, clean, very exciting to sit up on the second floor.However, after arriving in New York we arrived (not at our destination) almost an hour late. We were dropped off NOT at Penn Station where we were supposed to be dropped off but at FIT, I believe this is the Fashion technology. We had to then figure out a way to the subway.This was our first issue with Megabus.The second was our return trip. My fiance and I arrived an hour and a half early to take our 8:45am Bus back to Boston. I asked the bus attendant standing under the Penn Station overhang on the side of the road if the current bus was the 8:45 to Boston. I was told quite rudely it was Washington. And told to go wait somewhere. We sat out in the rain waiting for our 8:45. The 8:30 and 9:00 buses to Washington came and went. At 9 o\'clock our Boston bus came. After waiting for an hour and a half IN THE RAIN the crowd charged the bus to get on. Paying to have our two seats and waiting, we were Not the first in line. In fact, Your Militant attendant told us to back up and not approach "His Bus". I am pretty sure he did not own the bus. Nor does he have a lot of the authority he was practicing. He Then made everyone back up on the other side of the planters. He then shouted "About Face, Everyone About Face" We then were marched back, the military orders continued to be shouted out, "single file", "line up". We stood in the rain while he stood and watched us in the rain a good twenty minutes. After getting nice and soaked after waiting in the rain, we were allowed to enter "his bus". I got my seat right behind the driver, my fiance put her bag under and sat down next to me. the Drill Instructor then came on telling us that a woman was buying her ticket and going to take the last seat. Even though there were more seats clear up above. The man walked over to women sitting behind us, who had sopping wet coats, and drenched bags and said "Move those!" the woman got up and moved her luggage. He tried to get by a bit later and the woman was trying to sit back down and he told her to "Get out of my way". VERY VERY UNPROFESSIONAL! I am horrified by the experience. My fiance doesn\'t want to travel to NY ever again because of your service.', 'stars': '4.0'}
{'review': 'They were over 30 minutes late going from Philly to NYC. \xa0 Now I am on the return trip and we are over 2.5 hours late.... Yes i am on this bus for over 4.5 hours for a 2 hour trip. \xa0 Awful. \xa0 They have stopped four times to change drivers but none of us were allowed to stretch our legs. \xa0The final driver was switched 5 miles outside of our destination stop....and this driver crossed 5 lanes of traffic twice at a very frightening speed. \xa0not a careful driver.Never again . \xa0 They are very poorly managed.', 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': 'Long, cold, rude boarding process but once I was on the bus: the movie was a huge plus. \xa0I would ride megabus if I needed to in the summer, but waiting outside in the snow in NYC for an hr and 15 minutes was painful.', 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': 'First of all, this isn\'t much cheaper than Greyhound. In fact, a ticket for New York to Syracuse on Greyhound was cheaper than Megabus. $36 for Megabus, $32 for Greyhound.Now, the "stop" on the south side of Madison Square Garden is actually a huge mass of about 500+ people trying to figure out where they should be standing and which bus is theirs. I have never seen a more disorganized group. Not to mention that I missed my bus because I had no idea where I was supposed to be, and no Megabus orderlies were available to help. I ended up having to shell out another $32 for a Greyhound bus to Syracuse.On my return trip, the bus showed up a half hour late. Then, the bus driver let out everyone who was already on the bus and gave them about 45 minutes to wander around the station and get food. So all of us who had boarded in Syracuse ended up clamoring for seats on a hot bus, only to sit around and wait for 45 minutes. Now an hour late, our bus driver proceeded to make up for that time by driving like an insane person. People: a double-decker bus is not engineered to go 80 mph down a highway. It\'s just physics! The amount of times we caught air on the trip was terrifying, especially for those of us on the top portion of the bus.For safety, cost, and convenience reasons, I will never take Megabus again. It\'s Greyhound for me, unless the location I\'m heading towards has a Bolt Bus stop.', 'stars': '3.0'}
{'review': "I will NEVER take Megabus again. I have been taking this bus for several months now and for the most part has been reliable up until my experience last week put me over the edge with this company. I had a ticket to go from Syracuse to NYC and got to the Syracuse station about half an hour early and got in line with about 30 other people. The NYC bus showed up and told us they only have room for 10 people and another bus will be coming then proceeded to leave with no more information than that. 20 or so of us waited outside in 95 degree weather for 2 plus hours waiting for the other bus. It got to the point that most of us just bought a greyhound ticket and took that. I tried to call Megabus to get a refund for my ticket and apparently they don't give refunds even if they leave you standing at the station with no way to get to your destination. I am beside myself that a company can be this awful and stay in business. It will put a smile on my face the day I see this company go under because this non sense can only last so long before people have had enough.", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "Price is Right. Service is NOT.For reference: I have taken the Chinatown bus throughout Undergrad - I opted that my life was worth more than what the sloppy driving and shady vans were worth.Quit Greyhound because it was too pricey.Don't do trains or planes because I am on a budget.Took 4 megabus trips within a two week time frame, eventhough I own a perfectly working vehicle, because I wanted to have a few relaxing weekends... Well these bus trips didn't contribute in a positive way at all.Yes. I am on the bus now. We have AC and power. But I have the iPhone4 so I can't tell if I'm using wireless or 3G... But I'm thinking its the latter.  \xa0 It's 11:05pm on a Sunday. The DC metro stops running at 11:07 from the gallery place stop to where I need to go. I added in a 2 hour buffer when booking my trip, Used up...Sigh... Basically. *use at your own risk* of the 4 trips, 1 was decent, but even that was an hour late. Rofl... For the people who work for the company to have said: I don't know, I don't handle that bus, completely ignore questions at the bus stop, be rude to paying customers, and lose track of their buses... Oh and say you get what you pay for - is exactly why our economy is cruddy and our country is obese. \xa0 Ignorace is bliss to this company. Next time my money will go into my gas tank.  \xa0Never this again. But it sure was an experience. But so is stubbing ones toe.", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "Yes I taken the bus before affordable a comfortable ride, but way out the way from my destination, so for the money saving it was 'nt worth it, in the long run. I don't know if they have the WiFi going on", 'stars': '2.0'}
{'review': "I'm generally a megabus fan and before my trip lat would have recommended it to anyone. Two floors, everyone gets a view and an outlet. However, crews just don't have it together. My bus was scheduled for 5:30 pm. I get to union station with plenty of time to find out the 4:30 hasn't even left yet. I'm told there is some big crazy accident that is holding up all traffic and it anybody guess when the bus will show up. however Boltbus and Washington deluxe are all leaving on time. Finally, the 4:30, 5:30, 6:30 all show up within 15 minutes do one another, circa 5:45 pm. I'm thinking great we can at least get out of here by 6. WRONG! \xa0The ground crew took forever to clean and unload each and just let the buses sit idle for a while. It took 45 mins for them to get our bus ready, so my 5:30 left a lot closer to 6:30. I was literally staring at my bus for 45 mins in line, not cool. Once, we get on the bus the traffic is bad at spots, not nearly as bad as they made it out to be. \xa0Then on the trip we made to stops, the Baltimore, which is typical and then an inexplicable on the NJ Turnpike in an empty parking. Maybe the driver had to pee, or I don't know, but he never once the intercom to tell us what was going on. The only thing we heard was when he accidentally left it on in Baltimore while talking to some chick. My 5:30 from DC to NYC didn't get in till midnight and it was easily the worst trip I've had with the company. I'll try them again, but beware!!", 'stars': '2.0'}
{'review': 'spent $24 on a one way ticket (presuming I would have internet access and slightly more legroom than the chinatown bus)...when I showed up, the regular double decker bus was oversold (despite buying the ticket in advance), and they put us on a regular bus, that was essentially no different than the chinatown bus (cramped up and no wireless internet)...not too satisfied with the experience.', 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "Does Megabus have something against AC? Not only were we late in departing, but the entire ride was so stuffy and sweltering I'm on the cusp of having a claustrophobic meltdown. Oh, and we're about 30 min late for arrival with no end in sight. Great. Never again.", 'stars': '2.0'}
{'review': "I had always been loyal to Fung Wah but decided to try Megabus after getting a good deal on it online. It wasn't a bad experience but not a fantastic one. The bus is HUGE, a whole lot bigger then the chinatown buses. I decided to sit up top and maybe that was a mistake. The motion of the bus where I was sitting made me SO nauseous, not to mention I was directly over the bathroom and the smell only made it worse. I really thought I was going to be sick but thankfully it passed after a while. Also the seats, to me seemed smaller then the ones in the china town buses. I'm not a tiny person so luckily there wasn't anyone sitting next to me because it would have been cramped. I wish I would have gotten to sit by an electrical outlet but wasn't able to, though it is nice to have outlets on the bus. The bus also got to Boston a lot sooner then scheduled which was kind of annoying for me because my ride was not able to get there until the anticipated time so I had to wait a while. Aside from those issues, all in all not a bad experience. If I took it again I would try sitting downstairs and in the front of the bus to avoid the smell.", 'stars': '3.0'}
{'review': "Megabus MEGASUCKS. \xa0I waited for an hour and a half to get the bus from the Independence Hall stop in Philly, back to NYC. \xa0I was supposed to be on the 1230 bus, had purchased my ticket in advance, and at around 115, the bus was just heading in from NY and dropping people off. \xa0The bus driver was rude and would not let us on the bus to ride to 30th street, where the final destination is (and first stop before my pickup). \xa0Didnt really make sense that he couldnt let us on if he was just picking people back up at 30th street and then turning around to get us anyway. \xa0Finally, the 130 bus came to pick us up, around 2pm because the driver of the 1230 was actually on break. \xa0So apparently it iss acceptable for Megabus to employ drivers who are ridiculously late and then go on break only to screw with everyone else schedule.I get that they can't do anything about traffic, but their customer serivce was horrible. \xa0Each person \xa0on the phone claimed they didn't know where the bus was, had no way to track it. They couldn't confirm or tell us anything. \xa0They kept transferring our calls so that we were on hold for 20 minutes, and finally got voicemail.Also, the bus finally came and the outlet did not work so I couldn't even charge my phone which had died while I wasted the battery calling Megabus.I will never ride Megabus again. It's BOLT for me from now on. \xa0I suggest you do the same.", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': 'It\'s my 1st trip on a bus since the dawn of the Bolt vs Megabus era in ground transportation and I wanted to throw my cents. \xa0At time of sale, Bolt $13, Mega $9. \xa0Sat @ 12:45, the lowdown:12:20 - Dutifully in line early w/ about 25 ppl ahead of us.12:33 - Self-righteous idiot figure w/ no head tries to cut us in line. \xa0Oh no you din\'t! [Insert head wiggle + finger snap]. \xa0I shove her off. \xa0No one messes with me.12:37 - Getting twitchy, no sign of bus. \xa0Mega dude tells us to hang tight, bus is stuck in tunnel.12:45 - Restless under warm April sun. \xa0It\'s the 1st day of 70 deg weather.12:47 - The 1pm DC bus pulls in. \xa0Not my bus.12:45 - A shiny double decker arrives! \xa0Boarded up top. \xa0Diggin\' this double-deckeredness. \xa0Noted: nifty side-hung screens + personalized volume control. \xa0Leg room is ok, but narrow seats. \xa0A horizontally-unchallenged person would need 2... \xa0It\'s hot up here...1:07 - AC is on, thank goodness!1:17 - And we\'re moving. \xa0Half an hour late, really??? \xa0Whoa, the roof just clears the Lincoln Tunnel by about 6"!1:30 - I tune out with my issue of Time Out... \xa0Btw, they didn\'t play any movie. \xa0I feel gypped.2:50 - My slightly motion sick boyfriend groans that we shoulda been there by now.3:10 - Are we there yet???3:20 - Still on highway, but city in sight!3:38 - Hopped off at Market East, finally!Lesson learned: Megabus is megameh. \xa0But for $9, can I really complain?::edit:: On the return trip, we wanted to see if they\'d let us buy on board, since we didn\'t have advance reservations. \xa0At 9:15, we saw a ton of unhappy people waiting for the 8:30pm bus... \xa0Eavesdropping on someone\'s call to Megabus HQ, she sounded pretty pissed that they\'d said to her, "The bus should arrive within half an hour, maybe." \xa0We took the SEPTA/NJT home instead.....', 'stars': '3.0'}
{'review': "I LOVE megabus! I often travel from NYC to Albany and have often scored the dollar fare. Which if that wasn't good enough, there is free wifi and outlets. So much cleaner and nicer than Greyhound and so much less expensive than Amtrak. Megabus makes it easy to go upstate just for a weekend. Sometimes the bus drivers are rude and the lines at Penn Station are chaotic and the bus sometimes leaves late (otherwise I would give five stars) Really, though...such a great deal!", 'stars': '4.0'}
{'review': 'Hands down the worst travel experience I\'ve ever had. I took Megabus from NYC to DC on 9/21, and here are a few highlights: 4 1/2 hour trip ended up taking NINE HOURS. We stopped 4 times, the last time was for well over an hour and on the sketchiest "rest stop" I\'ve ever seen. Rude, incompetent driver that cursed and mumbled his way through the trip, never explaining to us why we were stopping. Once, the bus\' AC wasn\'t working so we were schlepped onto another bus like cattle. Not sure why we stopped the middle two times, and the last time was because the driver was over his 15 hour shift limit (and apparently had been since before we left NYC) and would not drive any further. So, we waited for over an hour while another driver traveled from DC (we were still 80 miles north of DC at that \xa0point) to relieve him. Bathroom on the bus was overflowed and not working. We arrived at Union Station after 1:30am, and the driver\'s parting words were "Hope you had a pleasant trip!". Absolute JOKE. Never, ever again.', 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "If you value your trip and your time, stay away from megabus. Their website is very faulty - DO NOT USE THEIR SITE. \xa0IT SOMTMES CHARGES YOU AND THEN DOESN'T GIVE YOU YOUR TICKETS. \xa0I've experienced one time where they \xa0took payment without giving me any confirmation that it went through, \xa0and then finding out later that my credit card had been charged. \xa0I had booked for tickets and had money deducted from my debit card, and never received my tickets, and then got told that i was going to have to book another time because the trip i booked became unavailable....I've booked trips requesting two tickets only to find that they only reserved one ticket. \xa0Mind you, I am an advanced computer user, so this is not pilot error.The worst thing is the number on their site is actually not the number to call for customer service, when u call them they will go thru the whole process of asking you for your order details then tell u they can't help u, then direct you to another number where you wait for like 45 minutes on the line to talk to people. \xa0 So good luck if your order has any errors (which are very common given their broken website) - \xa0You may not be able to do it AT ALL. \xa0They also do not issue refunds(only credit) even if it was their system that messed up. \xa0On the phone all their staff know to do is repeat policy, even when policy does nothing to solve your problem.If you plan to leave on schedule and arrive on time, or if you need a service that is not going to change your reservation at their convenience....I would stay away from megabus. \xa0Seriously, it is not worth the pain....people talk about end to end service...with megabus it is end to end pain...", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': 'THE WORST experience. Made reservation on line, showed up at gate, they did not have my reservation listed. Had to purchase ticket in Cash, when I called to complain, they told me they offered no refunds. Went to catch my bus back to New York City, return bus service was not even listed.Totally Fu&ked up. I hate megabus and will never use again.', 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': 'I have written a review for something once before-- an amazing resort in upstate New York. Something has to either make me go "WOW"... either in a really good way or a bad way.I had such a "WOW" experience on the megabus-- in the most horrible way possible-- that I had to write a review. Similar to another review here, the Bolt bus was almost completely sold out, and Megabus was completely free-- I thought, how bad could it be?I accidentally pushed ahead in line because everyone was standing in a mob, not a line, and the bus driver snapped at me as though I was elbowing people out of the way to get in front. I immediately apologized and got on "line", if you can call it that. Two women screamed at passengers to give their luggage immediately in an extremely hostile way. I scuttled up to give my luggage and even though there were two women, and I had a huge backpack weighing me down, they made no attempt to help me get my HUGE (I was returning from a three week trip) bag into the bus. Finally, as I struggled underneath the weight of it, the woman in the luggage area took it from my arms and put it in the bus. I showed him my confirmation, which was just written in a notebook-- I don\'t think it would have made a difference either way. We left at 2:00, even though the scheduled time was 1:30. We stopped 20 minutes later in a random bus yard with no explanation. Another 20 minutes later, we went on our way again-- only to stop in ANOTHER bus yard shortly after about 15 minutes later. There was internet at the beginning of the trip, then I fell asleep for a while-- when I woke back up, we were stopped at-- yes, ANOTHER-- bus yard. I got bored and went to turn on the internet and it had apparently died, with no explanation and no obvious attempts to get it fixed. We kept waiting and waiting, and the bus driver did not explain why were stopped, only that "it was a challenging day". Someone went up to individually ask him and apparently a "relief" driver was supposed to come to that bus yard because the driver had done his legal amount of driving hours that day. We finally got on our way. The trip took three hours-- three and a half if you count the fact that we left half an hour late. A trip leaving at 1:30 got into NYC from Philly at 5 PM. They toss your luggage onto a busy city street with no concern as to whether or not it will get stolen. I ran to get my luggage before someone could have swiped it. Overall-- Take the Bolt Bus. Or the train. Or anything but this horrible bus service. I understand that it\'s a cheap alternative, but there\'s no excuse when competing services offer fast, easy service and, even if it\'s not service with a smile, it\'s service with civility. I was taking the Chinatown buses long before these services started, and I NEVER had anything near as bad of a problem as with Megabus. And those are the services people always describe as "sketchy" or "nasty." At least they were efficient!Either spend a little extra or use your fifteen bucks on the Bolt Bus. Hell, even the Fung Wah is better!', 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "Whatever you do, do NOT ride megabus from Fri-Sunday in the summer from Philly/NYC or NYC/Philly. The bus ride takes four hours due to the traffic. I don't know if Boltbus, Chinatown or Greyhound can do any better, but a couple of weeks ago on a Friday, people who were supposed to arrive in NYC at 4:30 pm (meaning left at 2:30) did not arrive until 7:30 pm. (Took them 5 hours). I rode the NYC/Philly on a Saturday afternoon and it took 4 hours. I've taken megabus a lot lately because I got the cheap $3-5 tickets but it definitely has not been worth it, especially on the weekends. In the last 6 trips I have taken only one left and arrived relatively on time. (10-15 minutes late). Two of the trips were on weekends and I now know not to take the bus on the weekend. I will pay extra and take the train and at least get there on time. However, trips during the week during the day time have also arrived an hour or two hours late. I am starting to wonder if these busdrivers get paid overtime??? Also, I rode from NYC to Philly on Thursday night (9:40 bus) and while there was no problem with my bus (and we arrived on time) the bus had to pick up 28 people STRANDED on the highway who had been on another megabus. I don't know if these poor souls had been on the 8:40 bus and waiting an hour for us to come but thank goodness that there was no fire and it was warm outside (instead of the dead of winter). I have some more rides booked on megabus, but I cancelled all those on the weekend and taking the train then. On the buses I \xa0have been on they have been PACKED. Usually because they have leftover passengers in Philly from the bus before that never showed up that they have to load onto the next bus!", 'stars': '2.0'}
{'review': "I have used Megabus to Providence, Washington and several trips to Philly from NYC. I love it. I have had some less than great experiences BUT lateness due to traffic, weather is, at times, to be expected. The majority of my trips have been awesome. The drivers were nice. The trip relaxing. I did not need wi-fi so didn't care that on several trips it was not available. I love that in Philly you can get off first in the Old Town area. EXCELLENT. I have paid $6.50 round trip to go to Philly for three people. I can't get from Queens to Manhattan for that! You get what you pay for... so an occasional glitch in the service, I'll take it. In these tough money times, am able to getaway with my son for a couple of days..well worth it!", 'stars': '4.0'}
{'review': "I have only taken megabus on a few occasions but each time there has been some real problems! \xa0The first time I waited on the sidewalk in Philadelphia for an hour and a half afraid, alone, and unsure about when my bus would arrive. \xa0The staff working there were also unsure, I found this strange and disturbing but had no choice but to wait it out. Once I got onto the bus the outlets were not working and the wireless was very spotty. We did however, arrive in one piece, which was unexpected.Although I was scarred from my previous experience taking megabus I opted to utilize this service instead of driving. This second trip was \xa0equally, if not more, strenuous than the first. The beginning of my trip proved to be very difficult mostly because, \xa0I was LEFT ON THE SIDEWALK LIKE A CHUMB! I planned on taking a 9:45 from New York to Philadelphia. \xa0I raced from the subway with my bags in tow only to be disappointed when I was forced to watch my 9:45 bus pull away at 9:41. I EVEN WAVED MY ARMS IN THE AIR LIKE AN IDIOT. \xa0I was on time by 4 minutes and the bus left me on the sidewalk, hopeless and abandoned! \xa0Naturally, I approached a megabus employee and explained to him that the bus left without me. They called the driver and informed me that the bus would be going back around the block to pick me up. THIS NEVER HAPPENED. Apparently, the driver was perfectly okay with leaving me and a mother and her two kids on the sidewalk to waste away. After the driver did not return the staff said that the 10:45 bus was full and I would have to wait around for the 12:15. They told me to give another employee my confirmation number and they would refund the ticket. \xa0(Lets see if this happens). To fill my time, I called customer service to complain about this injustice and was laughed at \xa0by the customer service rep! Her solution to the problem was that I was supposed to arrive 10-15 minutes earlier than the bus is scheduled to leave. I understand this, BUT THE BUS LEFT EARLY... WITHOUT ME!! \xa0She had no solution and did not take any ownership on behalf of her company. \xa0 \xa0After this call I approached a staff member and explained to them that I had to get on the 10:45 bus, he was very accommodating and told me it would not be a problem. I had to use a bathroom and was very hungry,but I refused to leave in fear that I would be left again by the 10:45 bus. Luckily, I was able to board the 10:45 bus without any issues. Except for the expected non-working outlets and miserable wireless connection.I am currently attempting to use megabus' wifi to write this review... TAKE THAT MEGABUS! Unfortunately since the outlets do not work my computer is going to shut off 3 points megabus 0 points me :(. My advice to you is be both 10-15 minutes early and also at least an hour late to each megabus you plan on taking. \xa0The trend with these buses seems to be leave 5 minutes early or a minimum of 60 minutes late. Remember you are not alone. \xa0Good luck!!", 'stars': '2.0'}
{'review': "I took the bus from Boston south station to NYC and back. I have to say it's very clean and most of the passengers were college kids. The best part is there's Internet to help kill the 4 hour bus ride. \xa0Not bad for $12.50.", 'stars': '4.0'}
{'review': 'I\'d never taken MegaBus before, and unless everything else is sold out, I probably won\'t be taking it again. \xa0On Wednesday I found out I needed to go to Boston for the weekend and BoltBus was sold out and Amtrak was almost $200. \xa0I was able to get two seats on MegaBus for $24 each, which was not too bad.I got to the loading area a good 40 minutes before the bus was scheduled to depart (6:50 pm). \xa0MegaBus has a rule that they will only board one bus at a time, so we had to wait for the buses in front of us to board, which takes a long time because the confusion about which line goes where and the general clusterfuckedness of the purported "system" is unbelievably disorganized. \xa0I did not think it could be more disorganized than BoltBus, but it makes the BoltBus boarding process look like a breeze.Once on the bus, things got a little better, as the seats are relatively comfortable for a taller guy like me (6\'1"), but getting up to go to the bathroom was another experience because of the double-decker bus and the very cramped quarters.We hit a lot of traffic in New York, which the bus company cannot help. \xa0What they can help, however, is hiring drivers who ride their brakes for the entire stretch of I-84 and the majority of the Mass Pike. \xa0What should have been a four hour drive with traffic, turned into a 4hr 40min drive because the driver refused to go over 55 mph on the highway. \xa0We got passed by four other buses on the way to Boston.For the same price of BoltBus, MegaBus is definitely inferior in my opinion. \xa0If you can, take BoltBus, if you\'re a high-roller go for the train, but if you\'re a cheapskate who finds BoltBus sold out, try to get a ride with a friend. \xa0If that doesn\'t work out, you could get by with MegaBus, but you won\'t necessarily enjoy the experience.', 'stars': '2.0'}
{'review': 'My wife and I used Megabus twice, first from Boston to NY, and later from NY to DC. This was first trip to the east coast, and we were uncertain how these buses might be. We were satisfied. The ride is smooth, there are individual power outlets, and above all WiFi. In both cases, our driver was good. However, there is scope of improvement in ground management, specially the lines before boarding. Somehow we thought that there would be an intermediate stop for snacks, but there was not; so make sure to eat before boarding or carry your food.', 'stars': '4.0'}
{'review': "Every time I have taken a trip with megabus, I have had a pleasant experience. \xa0I really like the wifi availability while traveling. \xa0I am always impressed with how quickly the check-in process is. \xa0ALSO, the last time I rode on megabus, I unfortunately left my wallet aboard and left... I emailed customer service IN THE MIDDLE OF THE NIGHT and they responded within the half hour and arranged a meet point for me to pick it up that evening. \xa0OUTSTANDING customer service and attention to detail. \xa0I can't say enough great things about megabus!! \xa0BTW, it's very reasonably priced.", 'stars': '5.0'}
{'review': "This bus service is always late. This is fourth time in row. This time it's late by 3 hours!!! Buses have wifi and look good but cheap and very low grade service overall. Also, driver will throw your luggage inside bus so hard that it can get damaged or things inside can break", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "I traveled from NYC to Syracuse. \xa0While waiting in NY you are outside the entire time, with no cover...so imagine waiting in the rain. When you book the trip, it says that it arrives in 4 1/2 hours. Now I understand you can not account for traffic, but my bus arrived 45 min late (they say that coming from Toronto you can never predict Border Control). I am familiar with this drive, and have no idea why the driver chose the route that he did. My trip home was even worse. The bus arrived an \xa0hour late...only to find our that the driver would be taking a 30 min break before departing. \xa0The bus is super cramped with very little leg room. There is no overhead space, so all you begs have to fit under the seat. Don't be fooled into thinking you will have Wi Fi...because I can guarantee you that it won't connect. You should have a working outlet, but make sure you dont have a bulky plug (like a MAC laptop charger), because there is a good chance it won't fit. \xa0Sadly, this is one of the cheapest travel options out there, but this experience had taught me not to plan at the last minute that way I have a chance at getting a cheaper flight on Jet Blue!", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': 'I, along with 4 friends, purchased a ticket for the 12:30 PHL to NYC bus on Saturday June 26, 2010. \xa0I chose Megabus because on the PHL /NYC route they offered a pickup at Independence Hall Visitors Center, which was much closer to our hotel than the 30th Street pickup. \xa0My friends and I arrived at the bus stop 15 minutes early and proceeded to wait. \xa0And wait. \xa0And wait. \xa0By 1pm, there was still no sign of our 12:30 bus. \xa0Now, I understand that the bus stops at 30th Street first, and then makes its way to the Independence Hall stop, but that should take no longer than 10-15 minutes tops. \xa0So, where was our bus?At about 1:20pm a bus coming from NYC pulls into the bus stop to drop off people. \xa0The driver said he was late due to traffic from NYC to PHL. \xa0Fine, understandable. \xa0However, instead of letting all of us onto the bus at that time, the driver insisted we continue waiting and he would be back to pick us up after he went to 30th Street. \xa0 At this time, another passenger who was waiting with us informed us that he had been bumped from an earlier bus because the driver had filled up the bus at 30th Street with ticketed passengers AND those on standby, and bypassed the Independence Hall stop altogether. \xa0Upon hearing this, we asked the driver to please leave room on the bus for us. \xa0He drove off and we never saw him again.We all tried calling Megabus to inquire about the situation and to see if someone could get in touch with the driver to make sure he left room for us. \xa0After 20 minutes on hold, the rep I finally spoke with claimed that he just books tickets and could not provide the customer service I was seeking. \xa0When I tried calling the customer service # he provided me, I was on hold for another 15 minutes and then was sent to a general voice mail. \xa0I finally reached a "customer service" rep who claimed that she had no way of getting in touch with the driver or locating him via GPS. \xa0 Umm Hello? \xa0Last time I checked it was 2010. \xa0Time to update your technology Megabus.At nearly 2:00pm a bus arrived at our stop. \xa0It actually was the 1:30 bus. \xa0The driver informed us that the 12:30 driver was "on break." \xa0That\'s nice. \xa0Hope he had a nice break while we were sweating on the 90 degree streets of Philly waiting for the bus.Once we got on the bus, the ride was uneventful and we actually made good time back to NYC. \xa0No complaints about the actual ride.Megabus, I know traffic is out of your control. \xa0However, customer service is entirely within your control and it sucked. \xa0 Next trip goes to Bolt Bus.', 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "I just took the Megabus roundtrip from Durham, NC to NYC via Washington D.C. I took a night bus up the first leg of the trip, which wasn't bad, but the bus from D.C. to NYC was a little late due to Lincoln tunnel traffic. The return trip from NYC was a little more hectic, with a breakdown in Jersey that set us behind by about an hour. They expected the new bus to arrive in about 45 minutes, but it only took about 15-20, so some people may have been left behind at the service station. While it isn't the bus driver's job to attempt to hunt down someone inside a food court, it still seems pretty absurd that people could be left behind like that. They didn't offer any real apology about the bus breaking down, either. Luckily, my bus back to Durham from D.C. picked up a few hours later, but anyone attempting to pick up a quick connection in D.C. probably would've been screwed. Except for potentially having left people behind in Jersey, I'd say that the megabus overall is ok simply because it is so inexpensive. You pretty much get what you pay for. \xa0Your best bet is to try and fall asleep, and try and focus on where you're headed.", 'stars': '3.0'}
{'review': 'Man, everybody should stop crying. In these times with the unstable economy, high ass gas prices, and you cry about widow and mean bus drivers? Grow up for real. It could be a lot worse. At the very most u talking about 50 dollars round trip? Man please. Try greyhound and sew where that gets you.', 'stars': '3.0'}
{'review': 'I love Megabus. The tickets are so inexpensive! But sometimes they do not have wi-fi. But they are fast, efficient drivers and very friendly too! I love Megabus.', 'stars': '4.0'}
{'review': 'Previously I had taken the Apex "chinatown" bus which was a rat trap compared to megabus. Bus left DC on time and arrived in Manhattan on time as well. The bus was clean and spacious (double decker), and has wifi. The bus stop in DC was clearly labelled and the staff were courteous and professional.Chinatown bus, never again. Note: although you can book Eastern bus tickets on the Megabus website, they are NOT the same company.', 'stars': '5.0'}
{'review': "This a horrible bus company, no customer service, no regard for the costumer whatsoever. TERRIBLE doesn't describe enough, MISERABLE doesn't clarify. Megabus claims they keep lower fares by not paying for a spot inside Port Authority in New York City, however you to have to cross the street that is the entrance to a highway to get to 10th avenue. There is not one staff person to guide you as you walk around the block not knowing where to wait. People stand in long lines against a wall in front a truck bus street, very busy, noisy and smelly as the avenue is the route for garbage trucks. Besides it was an hour delay under freezing rain and not a soul to let us know when the bus was coming. Don't try to call either, their customer service is a joke, and the even told me that had cut the budget so I had to call a different number to file a complaint. Cheap is not worth it, the Chinatown bus is 100 x more decent. Never again.", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "I've taken Megabus and Bolt not to/from NYC from DC and my vote goes to Bolt. \xa0Cleaner, less crammed, and infinitely easier to get on when returning to DC. \xa0The buses in NYC were so backed up, it was total chaos because there were so many people waiting for every different city and no Megaemployees wanted to direct lines to the same place twice. \xa0Not to mention the insane amount of carsickness that ensued from being at the top of the swaying bus. \xa0Cheap, yes. \xa0But I'd rather be cheap and ride on Bolt.", 'stars': '2.0'}
{'review': "Terrible, terrible service. \xa0Never, ever comes on time, almost everyone who works there has a really bad attitude, and it's usually very chaotic trying to figure out what line to stand in, even with the new sign/line system (especially in DC). \xa0I've used basically every other bus company (Bolt, Vamoose, Greyhound, DC2NY, Tripper, probably another I can't remember), and Megabus is the worst of them all, by far. \xa0It used to be better in quality and cheaper a few years ago, but now it's bad quality and just as expensive as the rest of the buses.", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "Oh Marlene....don't say that. It would truly suck to think that the Albany-New York run, which I've taken numerous times with little to no problems, is sinking to the level of the Toronto to Syracuse adventure I had on Sunday.Or should I say, Toronto to Buffalo, since my kids and I were forced to take Trailways from Buffalo to Syracuse after Megabus mega-messed up. We were forced to change buses in Buffalo due to air conditioning issues and a few customer crabbing about said lack of air conditioning, but the true problems started after we were all settled on the replacement bus only to be told by the driver that we couldn't stay on the new bus and had to wait for yet ANOTHER one that wouldn't get to the Buffalo terminal for at least two to three hours.Here's our timetable..Leaving Toronto at noon (on time), hit the border at 1:30, out by 2:15, hit Buffalo at 2:30, replacement bus arrives around 4...announcement made around 4:20 about THIRD bus....which means we would have had to wait until 7 or so to get the bus to Syracuse, which wouldn't arrive there until 9:30 or 10. Ten hours on a bus trip that's supposed to take five? No thanks....requesting \xa0refunds from Megabus for both the Megabus and Trailways tickets. This should be interesting.And to think there were people on that bus going all the way to NYC...I can't imagine what time they actually got there.UPDATE 7/27/10--Looks like I may be getting a refund...for the Megabus travel anyway. I made my second call today (to a second, long-distance NJ number), and spoke to someone who checked the reservation numbers, confirmed that the journey did indeed have several issues, and submitted it for a refund they said I should have in three days. We'll see about that. No luck on the Trailways...they'll only refund their own service.UPDATE 7/27/10--VOLUME TWO--Just received emails that the refunds are apparently official. So far they're covering three of the four return tickets...I think missing the fourth was an oversight and I made them aware of it.", 'stars': '2.0'}
{'review': 'I would gladly fork over a few extra dollars to ride this than its competitors, which we all know but shall remain nameless. The bus is cleaner and it had more legroom. The Wi-Fi was also a plus. However, the smell from the bathroom permeated through the whole bus, more so than I remember on any other bus, so that takes away a star. On time and only a brief 3 minute stop. Which is great because the other buses stop at McDonalds, which makes the whole bus reek of toilet/McDonalds.....a bad combination.', 'stars': '4.0'}
{'review': 'Travelled return from NYC- Philadelphia. The returning bus was about 20 mins late but apart from that, was fine. Bus was clean, was cheap, and felt safe.', 'stars': '3.0'}
{'review': 'Took a bus from NYC to Baltimore which also went down the DC after. \xa0The bus stop is conveniently located off the Penn Station stop of the E train. \xa0Just a few blocks down near the post office. \xa0There is no "office", you just stand in a line/gaggle near a construction site. \xa0There is a worker who sells tickets out of a van. \xa0Of course, their customer service is not the best. \xa0They are rude as usual. \xa0I asked a guy where to stand in line and he just pointed in a general direction, so i stood there. \xa0Apparently, the line started AFTER me, so i ended up going to the back of the line since i knew people werent going to scooch down for me. \xa0No point is going early, your bus ain\'t leaving early. \xa0Especially if its cold, it would suck to wait in line. \xa0Sit on the first level, my trip on another journey on the 2nd level made me wish for better shocks. \xa0The wifi is not reliable but the outlets did work but you have to sit in the window seat to utilize. \xa0The price was cheap if you plan ahead, i paid $8.50 round trip. \xa0However, a guy bought a ticket that day, he paid $25 to get to DC. \xa0Still not bad, but still, you can\'t beat $8!', 'stars': '4.0'}
{'review': 'I\'m giving Megabus 4 stars, 3 1/2 might be more appropriate and you need to realize that these stars are given based on a bus that offers $1 tickets, keep that in mind throughout your trip. \xa0I\'m writing this because I read all the other reviews and got completely scared to use them, but my trip turned out to be fine, not delightful, but fine. I traveled round trip NYC to Washington DC. \xa0I sat in the top, which I think is better as there are windows all around and a nice view. \xa0The ride was comfortable enough, obviously a bus, but our driver took corners and stops slowly. \xa0I\'m 5\'9" and had about 1" of leg room in front of me. \xa0When the person in front of my reclined their seat they were pretty much in my row. \xa0It felt clausterphobic. \xa0I was able to watch a dvd, but would not have been able to type a paper due to the cramped space. \xa0WiFi worked but slowly, most of the outlets worked, didn\'t seem to be a problem getting one/using someone else\'s. \xa0The A/C was cold. \xa0If you\'re cold in movie theaters, you will be freezing on megabus. \xa0A blanket & socks in the summer are needed to be comfortable. \xa0The seats near the window seemed slightly warmer as the a/c vents were blasting down on the aisle seats. \xa0Most people were sharing seats on the 6pm & 430pm buses I took (off times are probably better). \xa0There a few premo seats on this bus - the four seats in the very front on top, you\'ll have a great view, no one in front of you and extra leg space. \xa0Also, sitting behind the railing for stairwell is great, go ahead and share a seat if it means getting one of these seats. \xa0The bathroom...well, let\'s just say the last 5 people hadn\'t flushed properly. \xa0It\'s like your average camper bathroom, it does flush just not super effieciently. \xa0There was TP and there was only hand santizer, no sink. \xa0I managed to bare it. We departed about 1/2 hour late and arrived about 45 min late. \xa0For the return, we left 5 min after the time on my ticket and arrived into NYC about an hour late. \xa0I would plan for this to be a 5 hour bus ride, and do not plan to catch a train. \xa0 The lines at Penn Station in New York were very organized and not a problem. \xa0There were four lines when I arrived, each going to a different city. \xa0I just asked people in line and found my line very easily. \xa0No one pushed. \xa0There were probably 2 \xa0megabus people around checking tickets and stowing luggage. \xa0We boarded the bus in a single file line, so the people who arrived earliest got the best seats.LOST BAG - I very foolishly jumped in a cab without retrieving my bag from the stowaway under the bus. \xa0I drove back to try to get it and the bus was gone, tried going to the ticket window at Penn and they didn\'t have it, but the girl there kindly gave me a number with extensions so I could speak to someone. \xa0I called on Monday, and spoke to another nice woman who said she\'d check and call me back. \xa0I called her on Tue and she\'d forgotten to check yet, but had a note with all my info and said she\'d try again. \xa0I asked her to try to get in touch with the driver which she said she\'d do. \xa0Otherwise, it\'s just a matter of her checking lost and found to see if anyone turns it in. \xa0I asked her if offering a reward might help, but she didn\'t think so. \xa0This part was my own stupidity (it\'s possible a fellow passenger picked it up and walked off with it) and Megabus was helpful and polite. \xa0I', 'stars': '3.0'}
{'review': "I took an overnight from New York to Boston. \xa0Usually I'd take Chinatown but they don't run that late. I didn't care about wifi because I planned to be sleeping.The lines were somewhat well marked on 9th Avenue. \xa0The staff was surly, arguing with some other passenger not to point a finger at him, and not entirely helpful, but I didn't have to deal with them. \xa0The DC bus arrived and loaded first, so we were about 10 minutes late starting, and arrived on time.It was a nice night. In poor weather the extra $10 or so for Greyhound would have been worthwhile.I wanted the top deck for the novelty, and took a front row. \xa0During the day that would be nice, but I think I sacrificed legroom and reclining that I could have used for sleeping. My seat reclined a little but didn't latch back. \xa0If there is a next time I'd use the backwards-facing seat on the lower level.The bathroom reminded me of Amtrak -- no open hole. More pleasant than some buses.I got what I paid for.", 'stars': '4.0'}
{'review': 'I am on the return from NYC to DC. The line system is completely disorganized and the staff are aggressive. I maintain my essertion that Bolt is better all around and DC2NY is better with respect to service.', 'stars': '4.0'}
{'review': 'i got the great opportunity of booking a 1.00 bus ride from philly to dc. (there was a pesky .50 surcharge - cant complain, right?!anyway, on my way to philly, i realized that the returntrip was for the day after ARGH!!!i called their customer service, and they had told me that id have to add 8bucks if i change my sked - i said okay, ill call back when i get my sched straightened out.but of course, im too cheap to shell out the extra 8 bucks.so i boarded the bus in philly chinatown and waited in a video store converted into a bus terminal with a lone decoration of a bruce lee poster (im sure, they have removed everything but bruce). the bus came on time (i travelled at 430pm on a friday).i handed my print out of my confirmation, and they eventually took it, no extra charges. haha! SCORE!im almost certain that the only reason i was allowed into the bus was the fact that it was half full. dont do it intentionally, your cruel intentions might make you pay extra, because they did ask the other girl on the bus to pay again (but i think her ticket was with eastern travel)i just kept my mouth shut.id ride them again if i find a 1.00 ticket.', 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "I frequently travel between Boston, NYC and Hartford and believe that Megabus is certainly the best way to go. I have used Greyhound, Peter Pan, Chinatown buses and Bolt Bus. Megabus is by far the cheapest, cleanest and most comfortable ride. The pros:1) \xa0Plug points 2) Fast internet3) Double decker - it is fun! More importantly, i have found that since the bus is bigger and heavier the bumps on the highway do not bother me as much, making the ride more comfortable. I recently realized this when I traveled in a normal coach bus and found that ride was certainly more bothersome.4) Phone number to call if the bus is late5) Much cheaper than Bolt, Peter Pan, Greyhound, Chinatown etc - I have bought tickets for $1 and $4!6) Typically on time7) Cleaner than others the bathroom does not stink which is a huge plus in my book8) Table area on the lower deck, with 4 seats around. It is great if a bunch of people are traveling together. You can play cards, put your laptop etc.9) Better legspace than the other buses which is great when you are tall like me.Cons1) The bus stops can be random street corners. They save money by not paying the fees for the stations (hence they are much cheaper). This typically ok, but can be a pain.2) \xa0Sometimes the bus leaving NYC for Boston can get late in rush hour traffic (understandable). I don't understand why they don't update the schedule by 15 mins - 30 mins to reflect this.Definitely try this service. I think the only competition to it is Bolt Bus and I think Megabus is better and certainly cheaper.", 'stars': '2.0'}
{'review': "Reading these reviews, I guess it's one of those things where if everything works out, then it seems like the greatest thing in the world, however if something goes wrong, then it seems like the worst. Personally, I've had nothing but positive experiences with Megabus the two times I've used it. The bus even got me to Boston an hour earlier than the scheduled time we were supposed to get there! It is not perfect by any means. The biggest (potential) problem with Megabus is that you have to wait on the sidewalk for the bus and there is no shelter of any kind. So if it's raining, you will get wet. Also, there is no sign specifying which queue to get into for your destination, but just ask someone in line or track down the Megabus worker and ask him. Megabus has been cheap, reliable and comfortable both times I've used it... what more do you want from a bus?", 'stars': '3.0'}
{'review': 'I traveled with Megabus between New York and Boston, in March 2010. \xa0The good parts: Megabus leaves NY from a very convenient, well-connected place (Penn Station), the bus has free WiFi, is very clean and its passengers seem cleaner than those on other bus lines (probably because Megabus is slightly more expensive than other buses).The bad part: the double-deck buses used by Megabus are very cramped. \xa0I had a seat on the upper deck and there was no overhead compartment to put my (very small) hand luggage or my winter coat (I just had to keep my coat in my arms for the full length of the trip, like everyone else on the bus). \xa0Combined with the fact that the bus makes no stop to stretch my limbs, this leads to some uncomfortable 4+ hours.', 'stars': '5.0'}
{'review': "DON'T DO IT PEOPLE! \xa0The yelp ratings speak for themselves. \xa0I've been a megabus customer a grand total of ONCE (and only because Bolt was sold out), and hopefully, that's the only time I'll ever have to do that.I was leaving DC (got to the bus station 30 minutes early) and waited to get on the bus. \xa0And waited. \xa0And waited. \xa0And waited some more. \xa0I waited a total of 3 hours after our original departure time til I finally got on the bus. \xa0And the scarier part of this scenario? \xa0We were waiting because the bus had BROKEN DOWN so they were trying to fix it before we got on. \xa0We actually ended up getting on another bus that was coming through for the 3 hours later time. \xa0HOWEVER, they let the group of us that had been waiting 3 hours on LAST, and there was question whether we would even be let on at all. \xa0One PO'd guy next to me speculated that since they figured they had probably already lost our business, why lose more business by making the other people wait to get on their bus? \xa0We weren't even offered a refund, and the bus driver made it a point of asking blatantly for tips. \xa0I would ride chinatown bus before I went back to megabus!", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': 'at the very end of annie hall, woody allen\'s trendsetting comic masterpiece on the futility of relationships, the narrator returns and tells an old joke.two old ladies have just left a restaurant. The first one says, boy the food there was terrible. the other one shakes her head and says, i know, and the portions were so small...my version: i took the megabus to DC and guess what -- the tickets were free! i look back at myself, shake my head, and say, i know, and boy was it overpriced...thanks to a tip on yelp talk, i grabbed two free tix to DC on megabus\'s second day of operating the NY-DC route. i don\'t know how high the prices eventually went, but the model appears to follow the rapidly-gaining-in-popularity jetblue trend -- as seats are sold, prices go up. the bus was about two-thirds full, mostly with Asians and indians, a very chinatown bus crowd from before the young non-affluent whites discovered it -- families with lots of weird luggage, boxes, kids, grandmas, plants, kangaroos, etc.7:30 am Saturday, the bus was waiting on 31st street in front of penn station. about 15 people were lined up. there were a few megabus employees at a folding table, with clipboards, checking passenger reservation numbers manually and letting them on. startup indeed. the bus was decent but obviously "previously owned" which was surprising since the company is brand new. what, a second hand business? little did i know. anyhow, the bus loaded up and left about ten minutes behind schedule. a few minutes through the tunnel and the bus pulls over. the driver announces we have to change buses. something is not right, he fears the bus will break down before we get to DC. was this related to the horrible torturous electronic whine that emitted every time he used his radio? we\'ll never know.ten minutes later another bus showed up. as we board i start noticing things like the driver\'s seat has ripped upholstery. the kids behind me kick my seat every 10 seconds and either cry or scream in ecstasy. i decide to move to the seat in front but it feels flat and weirdly uncomfortable. the footrest won\'t stay up. same with the seat next to it. legroom is tight. i return to my original seat. the footrest doesn\'t work there either. i give up and take out my book. the air conditioner is weak. this is actually a good thing, usually they blast arctic air like in movie theaters. there is no tv or anything, another happy bonus. no blathering annoyances -- other than the screaming kids. hands keep reaching through the seat and hitting my head. this is apparently hilarious to the grandma in charge, helpless in the face of such cuteness, such uninhibited joy.i look across the aisle and there is an obscenely fat young woman wearing earphones lost in a state of bliss, eyes closed playing air drums arms legs pounding like a multidextrous ginger baker jello mold. you probably think i\'m going to say the driver looked like lewis carroll...the trip was otherwise uneventful -- until we got to baltimore. half an hour from DC, we\'ve just rolled through the toll that precedes the very long tunnel that runs under chesapeake bay when suddenly WOMPA! WOMPA! WOMPA! WOMPA! sounds like a flat tire. it\'s not. we pull off to the side and are told the bus is out of service. turns out THE WHEEL BROKE. specifically, the metal pins that hold the wheel onto the hub have snapped and the wheel has almost fallen off the bus, now resting at a 70 degree angle. if this had happened not while rolling through a toll at 5 mph but on the highway going 60 we\'d likely be dead. or in another 20 seconds we\'d have been under chesapeake bay in a dark steamy airless tunnel. I am unnerved.the driver shares with me that he doesn\'t understand why we have a shitass old bus when the company has a new fleet. it\'s the first weekend, why not use the good ones? he\'s sending for another bus. we wait as the bus shuts down. no more AC. this was at the beginning of the heat wave, two weeks ago, the temp was in the high 80s and very humid. we pile out, stand between the bus and the concrete wall. it smells. traffic roars by. it\'s ugly and hot and we\'ve been traveling for almost four hours. we wait about an hour. meanwhile it starts to rain. it starts to pour. we clamber back on. it\'s hot. stuffy. someone decides to open the skylight. the rain comes in, onto me. someone sticks a book up there to prop it up. suddenly it falls out, hits someone, the skylight crashes shut, everyone is startled.the bus finally shows up. it is brand spanking new. the AC is arctic and we go from sweaty to shivering. the rest of the trip was routine until we arrived at our destination. just then the skies really opened up, lightning striking all over the city, the rain a deluge, so much so that even after six hours, no one gets off the bus. i make a run for the Metro and thankfully make it alive, if a little soaked.I took the Amtrak home.', 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': 'I never book my NY to Boston trips early enough to get a $1 seat. They always cost around $16-$20 plus a 50 cent reservations fee. The buses are clean and nice, and once they played a movie, which was great. The negatives are that the buses stop in Hartford, which adds another 20 minutes or so to the trip, and you have to wait in the rain, and the bus goes to Boston Back Bay Station, and South Station is a lot bigger, closer to more public transport and easier (for me anyway).', 'stars': '3.0'}
{'review': 'ok ok ok!! MEGABUS! my new favorite form of transportation! where do I start?? lets start by me thinking i was lost. The address distinctly says its located on 31 and 33 st in Manhattan? anyone realizes my being confused?? I have my slow moments but I know what comes after 31 st.... maybe 32 st. So I was prepared to look like a tourist when i got out the train. I walked to 9th ave and 31 and just happen to see a "MEGABUS" wizing by my, excitement is not the word to describe the feeling I had. Now I understand what they mean by 31 and 33 st. busses can be lined up anywhere between 31 and 33 street along 9th ave. Nice!! (in my fabulous voice). SO I had a 330pm departure, but the 300pm bus was boarding, I decided to try my luck and attempted to spit G to guy putting the bags on the bus (mind you im taking this bus to see my bf ) :-D a woman\'s got to do what a woman\'s got to do, right??? hehehehe, anyways, he told me to wait a lil bit and he will see if there\'s room, long story short, there was room! much to my excitement, I felt special \xa0when he called me up and escorted me to the doors... little did I know anyone can get on a bus that\'s not packed as long as they bought a ticket for that day, no matter the time. SO I ended up sitting next to this guy that clearly DID NOT WANT ME next to him! oh well, get over it buddy! 4 hr drive to DC, we gonna be best friends. He Snored and Smelled really bad. But for $19.50 after taxes, one way, what do you expect?? We stopped briefly to let some people off and our bus driver decided to make it very clear (loudly) that he has no control over the outlets not working and to not ask him about it and get over it. (I tried 5 outlets and none worked to charge my phone) The bus ride was speedy and efficient, I would definitely ride this bus again if I\'m looking for a quick and cheap way to get somewhere within 5 hours. Don\'t expect anything luxurious with Megabus.', 'stars': '3.0'}
{'review': 'I was very nervous to take the Megabus after reading all these reviews, but I was pleasantly surprised. I took the bus from NY to Boson. The bus was clean and arrived almost on time. The people who worked there all wore bright yellow vests and seemed to be able to answer most questions. The plug outlets and wireless all worked. Most people on the bus seemed to be in the college aged crowd.The only bad thing about the experience was trying to figure out where the lines were for which buses and when you started lining up. I think I asked ten different people what was going on and in turn about ten people asked me what I knew. \xa0I would tell people to definitely get there 30 minutes early if you care where in the bus you sit. Also make sure you dress for any kind of weather since you can stand in line for thirty minutes with no shelter.', 'stars': '4.0'}
{'review': "Megafail. \xa0I am currently sitting at a reststop in nowhere new jersey, one and a half hour into a two hour trip from Manhattan to Philadelphia. \xa0And there is still another two hrs left of the trip. \xa0There is plenty of room on the bus, which is a plus. \xa0I have two seats to myself. \xa0So I stretched out as much as I could and took a nap when I first got on, when I woke up an hour later, we were five blocks from where we started. \xa0The perplexing thing was, we were not five blocks further down the street, but five blocks back! \xa0Once we got into the Lincoln tunnel, there was barely any traffic. \xa0But why did we stop at a reststop? \xa0It does not seem there are other passengers to pick up. \xa0Perhaps the driver had to take a piss, considering how long we've been on the road.I think what will help is if they had a pa system to inform the passengers why there is a delay. \xa0Then, at least we'll know what to expect.", 'stars': '2.0'}
{'review': 'New York to Washington DC roundtrip for $0.25. \xa0Whenever I see "to good to be true" \xa0things in life I usually disregard them. \xa0So it was with a bit of trepidation that I approached megabus, a low-cost bus line that began operation from New York to Atlantic City, Baltimore, Boston, Buffalo, Philadelphia, Toronto, and Washington DC this past weekend. \xa0My fears wound up being unfounded, as the megabus service was easy, comfortable, and frankly top-notch! \xa0I always fly or take the train (I\'m an Acela veteran), so this was only my second-ever experience with bus travel, but after my round-trip travel from New York to Washington DC this weekend for the ridiculously low-price of a quarter, that may soon change. \xa0In fact, I\'ve already booked a day trip this summer to both Atlantic City and Philly, and a weekend trip to Boston, all for less than $4. \xa0It should be noted that I found out about megabus from a thread last month on Yelp, so score a big point there for yelp.com.I picked up the bus to DC on Saturday morning at 6:45am from Penn Station. \xa0Because no one really knows about megabus yet, there were a total of 15 people on the entire bus, which was great due to the added roominess. \xa0The bus was brand new (still had new car smell.....or new bus smell I suppose) and has free wi-fi for those that cannot survive more than 62 minutes without internet access.....you know who you are. \xa0It also had TVs and played a DVD called "August Rush", which was decidedly chic flic. \xa0Thankfully, the bus being brand new the driver didnt know how to operate the sound system and so the movie played without sound, like a 1920s silent film, which at 7:30am was fine with me. \xa0Even without sound, one could deduce the plot of the movie as ridiculously implausable, but boy that Keri Russell sure is a looker. \xa0Anyway.......the trip went flawlessly and was express, making only 2 stops (a 15 minute break at a rest stop at the halfway point, and at the megabus stop outside of Baltimore). \xa0On the return trip the bus stopped only once at the stop outside Baltimore.megabus, (the "M" isnt capitalized) is offering these low-fares this summer in an effort to capture customers and grab market share, and will happily operate in the red to do so. \xa0At some point, however, it will raise the fares, but if you book now you can still snag roundtrip tickets even as far away as Toronto for only $1! \xa0 I do know that Boltbus (megabus\' low-fare competitor) also began operations from New York 2-months ago with free wi-fi and new buses as well, but I have not traveled that line for comparison. \xa0 For those of you that might be curious about the business side of things, megabus is owned by the much larger Stagecoach Group, and Boltbus is owned by Greyhound.Net/net for 2 people to travel to Washington DC for the total sum of fifty-cents, I\'d have to say this was one of the greatest deals I\'ve received in my entire life.', 'stars': '5.0'}
{'review': 'Unbeatable prices. Clean. Free wifi. Sometimes late, but worth it for the price!', 'stars': '4.0'}
{'review': 'The bus to Philadelphia left 2 hours late. When it was 10 minutes late they warned that it would be 30 minutes late. After that, no updates, we just stood outside in the cold waiting. We were never given an explanation.', 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "Route: NYC to DCI was fortunate to get a fare of $1 each way plus the 50 cent service fee. I couldn't believe I was paying $2.50 round trip to go to another state!!! {Hello, MTA...are you reading this?} I still haven't figured out the catch and if someone has, please let me know! How in the world do they cover the tolls and gas at these low fares? Especially since the busses are not filled to capacity.Ok now for the review. I was skeptical since I paid so little for my ticket. The pickup/dropoff locations were easy to find, just like they say on the website. The people greeting me to board the bus in both NY and DC were friendly, courteous, and spoke English (no slam on other bus lines, but it helps when you have a question if they can respond to you). On the way there, I chose to sit on the lower deck of the double-decker bus. No movie was shown. Instead, the driver had the La Mega morning show on. Fortunately it wasn't too loud to get to the point where you would be annoyed at all. The bus was immaculate and looked new. They even had SEATBELTS! Not just the lap belts but the ones that go across your chest too! I've been on Fung Wah to Boston and Greyhound to DC and they never had seatbelts (unless they recently added them). On the way back I was on the upper deck and noticed that we only had lap belts, but still I was surprised to have seatbelts at all. On the way back, they didn't have any music on or a movie showing and it was quiet pretty much the whole way there. There were no signs posted about cell phone usage, but people were courteous and spoke infrequently and at low levels. (Wish people were like this in movie theaters). The bathroom was on the lower deck and was clean. Warning: HOLD ON. I thought it would be better to take a bathroom break in the city vs the highway. Wrong. I didn't hold on and got tossed around when the driver accelerated when the light changed to green. Additionally the lock on the bathroom door seemed to work, but it didn't. Fortunately my pants were already pulled up when the door busted open. The drivers to/from DC drove safely and looked fully awake. We arrived in DC about 5 min early and we got back to NYC 15 min early, all w/safe driving. Fortunately there were no mechanical breakdowns or delays. My only complaint and was the reason why it didn't get five stars was because it was freezing on the bus! Fortunately I wore an undershirt, long sleeve shirt, a coat, a hat, and scarf (although it was in the 60s and 70s that day in NY and DC). Being cold for 4 hours each way made the trip miserable. But at $2.50 round trip, I couldn't really complain...I plan on e-mailing or writing the company and letting them know about the temperature since it's something that can EASILY be remedied. \xa0Hopefully if others are freezing they'll write in too. I swear, no one should freeze for 4 hours when it's simple enough to adjust the temperature. Oh and since I'm on the subject of temperatures...when I got back on the bus in DC to go back to NY, I boarded about 3 min before departure. They didn't have the AC turned on and it was 75 degrees outside. The upper deck of the bus was stifling hot. Therefore, some people chose to wait outside until the very last second before it was time to go. Not sure if it was just stifling b/c it was the upper deck or not, but fyi. After they started the bus and turned on the AC, it started freezing right away.Would I recommend this bus to anyone else - absolutely yes! For these low fares (even if you end up spending $15), you can't beat it. I mean safe and courteous drivers, cleanliness, arriving early, AND SEATBELTS you won't find anything better!!! Just dress in layers.", 'stars': '4.0'}
{'review': "I found the previous reviews very interesting because my experience was the opposite! My husband and I decided to give the Megabus a try as he did not want to drive to NY this time. The bus was ON TIME to the minute when we left from 30th Street Station area in Phila. It took us 2 hours to get to manhatten, as indicated. When we left the next day our bus LEFT Penn Station area ON TIME EXACTLY. I have taken the bolt bus previously and found both of them very comparable. The cost was cheaper on the Megabus also....The ONLY thing I don't like is that you have to commit to time to GO and when you want to leave. We found ourselves wanting to stay a bit longer but committed to a return time at the time of our reservation. I would definitely use the Megabus again.", 'stars': '5.0'}
{'review': "Awful! The tickets are cheap, but chances are something will go wrong, like the bus will break down and nobody will tell you what's going on. Perhaps you'll also try and modify your reservation for two tickets and end up with one.", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "Although I never took the MegaBus, I pass by the area where the buses stop on my way to work and I often overhear awaiting passengers complaining how late the buses are. Not only that, at times the bus people are blocking the entire sidewalk, forcing me to walk in traffic, outside the parked bus, which is a safety hazzard. And I can't understand how people can stand outside in the freezing cold just to save $20 or $30 on the bus fares to Wash, Phila, Balt, etc unless they're totally broke. \xa0It's not as though they're paying air fare. They'd be better off spending extra taking Greyhound or Trailways. At least they can wait indoors in the winter.", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "I took Megabus from DC to NYC on a Saturday morning. \xa0Because of some issues with late buses (traffic? mechanical?) they combined two bus trips into one so everyone had to leave either 1 hour or 30 minutes behind schedule. \xa0Fortunately everyone got a seat on the double-decker bus and once we got moving we made it to New York in just under 4 hours (also helped that we did not stop in any other cities). \xa0The WiFi worked for my laptop and Ipod Touch (I've had problems with the WiFi on Bolt) but the power outlets were broken. \xa0I really liked the roof windows and the big windows at the front of the double-decker bus. \xa0Even though every seat was taken, it seemed a lot less claustrophobic in there with so much light. \xa0Points also for Megabus having someone based in DC to check your tickets 15 minutes before boarding. \xa0Leads to a lot less chaos when the bus finally arrives. \xa0 For $17 and free WiFi, even a late bus with broken outlets won't discourage me from taking Megabus on my next NYC-DC trip.", 'stars': '3.0'}
{'review': "I would strongly recommend NOT taking Megabus. They oversold my bus from DC to NY. The driver, after telling us his supervisor was sending another bus and that he had no idea when it would actually come, left the 20 of us waiting on the sidewalk in the scorching summer sun with no further information and no way to get more information. When we tried to calling Megabus' toll-free number, they told us they couldn't help us and referred us to another customer service number (presumably Coach USA's) where we stayed on hold for over 30 minutes before finally getting through to someone who told us the driver they had sent had gone to the wrong city. We waited for nearly 2 hours and when the bus finally did come, we had to wait 1another 15 minutes while the driver tried to get people who did not have reservations or had reservations on a later bus to get on our bus. Meanwhile, a bunch of Boltbuses came and went. In retrospect, I should have gotten on one of those since it was only $2 more than what I had paid Megabus. Boltbuses are more spacious and the drivers are more courteous (e.g., they actually tell you where and why they're making stops whereas the Megabus people just leave it for you to hopefully figure out on your own. They make a stop in Baltimore on the NY-DC trips, but the driver won't announce that that's where you are.).Update 10/31/2010:I've been forced to take Megabus a couple of times between NY and Boston because Boltbus has been sold out. \xa0And you know, the experience was actually totally fine. \xa0The Megabus worker who manages the line in Boston is a nice guy. \xa0Haven't given them another try down to DC, but they're a-okay for a trip to Boston.", 'stars': '2.0'}
{'review': "Yes, it's a bus trip up to Boston. Yes, I travelled when everyone and their brother was on the road for the 4th of July. That being said, it was as painless as possible. Show up 15 minutes before the departure time, checked in with a friendly guy, stood in line, found a seat, and sat for the next 5 hours on the way to Boston. The driver was incredibly friendly and \xa0the everyone on the bus was mid-twenties professionals. Plus, the bus smelled clean!!", 'stars': '4.0'}
{'review': "I've only taken megabus twice so far but both times have been excellent experiences. I take the providence to NYC route and vice versa. I looked up reviews of megabus and most were negative so I was a bit hesitant but took it anyway. The price is so good , especially compared to Peter pan but the service is as good if not better. Hopefully megabus can keep up this kind of service as well as the cheap prices! Highly recommended!!", 'stars': '5.0'}
{'review': 'My boyfriend and I each travel between DC and NY once a month, and between us we\'ve tried out a bunch of different bus lines. \xa0 I was drawn in at first by Mega\'s promise of cheap fares and their shiny new buses, but was quickly disappointed (over and over again!). \xa0I kept trying to give them more chances, but alas, they\'ve let me down too many times.The cliffs notes version for the lazy readers: If you have a laptop, like polite people, and enjoy hassle-free travel, take Bolt Bus instead. \xa0If you\'re only in it for the cheap ticket, go ahead and travel Megabus. \xa0Now, onto my reasoning:Pros:-Buy early and travel for super cheap. \xa0-New buses-Leaves from Penn Station, so convenient-They\'ve recently added nice double-decker buses, which I guess are cool for novelty\'s sake. \xa0(Plus you can sit in the front row of the top deck and have a nice view! ...of traffic.)-More schedules than, say, Bolt.-They usually arrive at or right around their ETA, probably because unlike Bolt they take things into account like traffic, their uber-long driver switch and their stop in Baltimore.-Free wireless (though even spottier than Bolt\'s, in my experience)Cons:-Lines are RIDICULOUSLY long. \xa0I don\'t know when people start showing up, but it must be at least 30 minutes early, and you\'d never guess they can fit all those people on one bus. \xa0Plus you can never tell which line you\'re supposed to be in since all the buses (for all different destinations) leave from the same place. \xa0You end up asking someone in each line where they\'re going and everyone sits there crossing their fingers that they\'re in the right line.-They\'re pretty strict about not letting you bring drinks on board, which in my opinion is pretty uncool. \xa0Literally standing-there-with-a-trash-bag-as-you-board strict.-I have only seen a megabus arrive in time for an on-time departure once. \xa0Once my bus was 1.5 hours late, often they\'re 30 minutes to an hour late. Once that resulted in a quicker trip since we missed some rush hour traffic, but still. \xa0Not appreciated.-The old luggage system (free-for-all madness) was awful and inefficient . \xa0The new luggage system (guy stands in little luggage room, grabs bags and files them away) is a lot more organized, but results in a very long wait to get your bag if yours was one of the first in (and therefore shoved in the back) since it\'s only one guy pulling them out one at a time.-On the NY-DC route they stop to switch drivers 20 minutes into the trip and the "5 minute procedure" always turns into 20.-They stop in Baltimore. \xa0I want express! \xa0*pout*-My computer\'s battery lasts 30 minutes so free wifi is worthless without power outlets (hi Bolt Bus!)-Worst Megabus horror story: On one trip there were strange gas-like fumes spewing into the back of the bus through the A/C so we had to pull over on the side of the NJ Turnpike, 1 hour from our destination (NYC), and wait 3 HOURS for another bus to come pick us up. \xa0Another Megabus saw us on the side of the road and pulled over at one point and they were able to take about 5 people, but the rest of us had to hang out on the grass until the relief arrived. \xa0The driver actually yelled at the passenger\'s who\'d complained and made him call the dispatcher (who had then ordered the driver to pull over), saying the problem was probably nothing and they should have let him just finish the drive. \xa0Bad experience for many reasons.-I\'ve had a lot of rude drivers-They show a movie, which I guess is nice for some, but I\'d rather watch a movie of my own choosing on my computer with a bigger screen and my headphones than watch a movie I either avoided or already saw on a tiny screen 3 rows in front of me with the audio piped throughout the entire bus (good luck napping!).-They seem to have gotten better at anticipating this problem, but sometimes they overbook a schedule and make up for it by sending a generic Coach bus to pick up the overflow, meaning no wireless, no shiny new bus, none of the perks you came for in the first place.', 'stars': '2.0'}
{'review': "We were taking the 2:00 PM from Secaucus to Boston on a Sunday. We wanted to skip the hassle of traveling into NYC only to come back out again.The waiting area is in a pull-in on one side of the Lautenberg transit center in Secaucus, just off the turnpike. Our bus was stopping in Secaucus as part of a Washington-Boston run. I wouldn't say the trip started smoothly. Here's what happened.1. At 1:50, the Washington-Secaucus driver walked away from the bus. People who'd taken a break for lunch got back on and reclaimed their seats. We found a few leftover seats for us. It was hot and getting hotter, but the bus was turned off. 2. Around 2:15 people noticed that there was no bus driver and none forthcoming. Some couldn't take the heat and walked off the bus onto the pavement, which wasn't much better. People called megabus. The central line referred us to a local (908) number where no one answers. 3. Relief driver appears at 2:30. He seemed like a good guy but couldn't find out how to open the luggage door. Note, it's still stifling hot on the bus and outside the bus.4. My partner went and grabbed the Washington-leg bus driver, who was still standing about 100 yards away where his friend had gotten him lunch, and identified him to the new bus driver. He showed the new driver how to get the luggage door open. (Meanwhile, the new bus driver had no idea that the old driver was here, and we weren't sure, either.) We pulled out at 2:40 PM, which wasn't ridiculous, but it was a nasty hot wait and no one seemed to be running the show.The upside? We paid $23.50 to get from NJ to Boston. Once we got on the road, it was a standard bus trip. So while I complained a LOT during the wait, I can't say I didn't get what I paid for. But I'm not 22 years old, so I sure as hell won't go the cheap route agin.", 'stars': '2.0'}
{'review': 'Wow. Just dont do it. Their costumer service rep called me a liar when I tried to tell them they lost my reservation. They admit seeing that I had payed them but then informed me i had no trip scheduled past, present or future. just, wow.', 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': 'Waited three hours for a bus to NYC in Rochester, with zero word from megabus (apparently the "would you like to be notified via cell phone about bus status" feature wasn\'t working.). \xa0While the reasons for the delay turned out to be relatively legit, the lack of notification via email, text or call \xa0(or accessible live person to contact on the phone) was unacceptable. Never again.', 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "Megabus has no competition from NYC to Syracuse at the same price point and we are all poorer for it. From NYC it was total chaos, no lines, multiple buses going to multiple locations (Boston, Pittsburgh, Washington DC, etc). On the way to Syracuse, our bus had no working power outlet so no work could be done on the way. On the way back the bus left 90 minutes late, the driver took tickets from the back of the line so most seats were taken eventhough we were first in line. Not only that but the folks from Toronto on their way to NYC had a break and left stuff everywhere so it was impossible to know who was sitting where. Since wifey and I wanted to sit together, we had to sit right behind the driver who asked that we not turn on the overhead light because of a glare so we couldn't read the entire trip. While waiting in Syracuse it was also very difficult to find a customer service number online to get a status update on where the bus was. Once we got started, there was ridiculous amounts of traffic due to construction. I'm pretty positive they drive this route multiple times a day and should have figured out an alternate route. We arrived 4 hours late. A 5 hour trip turned into a 10 hour hellventure. I will do whatever I can to not take megabus ever again, eventhough it's damn cheap.", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "The bad: The attendants are rude, the seats are uncomfortable, and the Wi-Fi doesn't work. The good: The driver efficiently got us from New York to Boston with the A/C cranked up on the hottest day of the year. I would use them again, but all things being equal prefer the more comfortable seats and functional Wi-Fi of Boltbus.", 'stars': '3.0'}
{'review': "Don't take MegaBus to or from PHILLY if you have somewhere to be. They're ALWAYS an hour or more late.", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': 'Once again I learned firsthand today that Megabus\' NYC staff are interested in anything except Megabus. \xa0As has happened SO many times before, the NYC Megabus staff was rude, inattentive, more interested in leaning on other people\'s parked cars and chit-chatting about their love lives than being there for the commuters, whom they treat like an annoyance and distraction from their socializing. \xa0First I stopped at the Megabus booth on 32nd and 8th and asked the attendant behind the glass, who was more interested in chatting with her coworker than me, if there was a *1:45 bus to Philly* as advertised online. \xa0She nodded and just stared at me. \xa0I said, "Great, I\'d like to buy one," and reached for my wallet. \xa0She tapped on the glass, pointing to a handwritten cardboard sign on the window informing me that the bus stop had been moved to 9th Avenue, then went back to her chit-chat. \xa0If that\'s acceptable customer service they may as well train a monkey to do her job and save a bundle on wages and health benefits. \xa0 So I hustle over to 9th Avenue and am relieved to have made it on time. \xa0I come to the first Megabus attendant I see, he\'s leaning on someone\'s car chit-chatting, pretending not to see me. "Excuse me," I say. \xa0He keeps looking past me, pretending I\'m not there. \xa0I say it louder, and ask if I can buy a 1:45 ticket to Philly. He tells me to talk to the woman in the green jacket. \xa0That woman\'s standing a few feet away and yapping away with another Megabus worker sitting on a crate, and she\'s not wearing a stitch of Megabus insignia so I\'m not even sure she\'s the right person but I approach her. She sees me but ignores me, just lets me stand there while she yaps away. I wait, and wait, and wait, trying to politely let her to finish but she\'s happy to keep ignoring me and go right on gossiping. I finally have to interrupt her and say, "Hi. Is this Megabus?" She looks at me like she has no idea what I\'m talking about and continues chatting with her pal. \xa0"Can I buy a 1:45 Philly ticket?" \xa0She finally nods and takes out a portable payment device from inside her coat, looking finally like an actual Megabus employee who wants to do her job. \xa0She tells me it\'ll be $20.00. \xa0 \xa0I\'m shocked given that it\'s only $8.00 online. \xa0A $12.00 markup?? \xa0Really?? \xa0Absurd but I pay it and she gives me a receipt. \xa0The time stamp clearly shows that I purchased it at 1:40pm. \xa0 I find the Philly line and wait, only to learn from the other passengers that they\'re waiting for a 2:45. I ask what about the 1:45 and they have no idea. \xa0It\'s now 1:50pm. \xa0Again I go over to Mr. Cool leaning on the car shooting the breeze with the rest of the Megabus staff and say, "Excuse me, is the 1:45 to Philly coming?" \xa0He looks away again, keeps pretending I\'m not there. \xa0I ask a 2nd time and he pretends he has no idea what I\'m asking. \xa0 "What? \xa0Kenny?" he says with a smirk. \xa0 "No, Philly. The 1:45 Philly bus, is it coming?" "I don\'t know, ask her." So I go back to the woman in green and tell her she just sold me a 1:45 to Philly but there is no 1:45. \xa0"No, there\'s just a 2:45," she says, then goes back to yapping with her bud relaxing on the crate.  "Then why\'d you sell me a 1:45?" She says, "Ask him, he\'s got the schedule." \xa0So now I\'m sent to yet a 3rd employee. \xa0He tells me there\'s no 1:45. \xa0I say it\'s listed online, and they told me at the booth on 8th and 32nd that there\'s a 1:45, and that\'s what the woman in green just sold me. He looks at my receipt and says, "This is an open-ended ticket." "What does that mean?" "You can use it anytime." "I don\'t need to use it anytime, I need to be on a 1:45 bus to Philly. That\'s why I bought it." "There\'s no 1:45 bus." I tell him I want my money back so I can catch a NJ Transit train (for just $4.25 more I might add; for $24.25 you can be on an express train to Trenton with transfer to Philadelphia 30th and Market and have a much more pleasant experience than dealing with this Megabus $20 nightmare). He says, "No refunds." \xa0I ask if I can get one through the website. \xa0He says, "Uh, maybe, yeah, try them." Absolutely infuriating. I hustled back to Penn Station and caught the train after all, meaning my one-way trip to Philly cost me $44.25 instead of $8.00, thanks to Megabus\'s high markup and godawful NYC staff. They have once again destroyed my work schedule today. \xa0 Every time I take their bus I have an awful experience and swear I\'ll never use them again. Then a month or two go by and I\'m in a hurry so I decide to give them another try, and once again they royally screw me over. \xa0They\'ve really got to do something about their NYC operation, it\'s laughably unprofessional,and if they\'re going to gouge people with $20 point-of-sale tickets to nowhere they\'d better be providing top notch customer service instead of this cartoon.', 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "I took the bus from NYC to DC. Since I booked the week of, I definitely didn't get a $1 fare, however, the price was much cheaper than the train or flying, so I couldn't complain.The bus leaves NYC at 8th ave and 31st street. There was a long line but thankfully a person came by checking everyones ticket to ensure an on-time departure.There are also signs everywhere, so it's pretty much impossible to wait in the wrong spot.The stop in Jersey to change drivers only took 2 minutes, surely not enough to complain about. The stop in Baltimore was just as fast. Just long enough to get passengers and their luggage off, then back on the road.The bus was full each way, but it was a very comfortable ride. TThe double decker bus was new and clean, as was the bathroom.The wi-fi also worked each way. You really can't go wrong with this company.Also, on the return trip. we pulled off from DC ontime and arrived early.I'd recommend MegaBus to everyone.", 'stars': '5.0'}
{'review': "The seats are uncomfortable and the customer service is horrible. I have had multiple experiences with them (I ride between NY and DC frequently and have for seven years now) and they have given me the most headaches of the major bus lines on this route. \xa0They run late, they communicate poorly with their customers about things like running late, and sometimes they even cancel a bus (once you've already arrived) and have you just get on one of their later buses. \xa0I recommend bolt bus or DC2NY (or Tripper bus, if you're headed to Arlington or Bethesda) instead.", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': 'MAJOR COMPLAINTTo give a bit of background, I called them on June 6, 2010 regarding my trip on June 3, 4 & 5. \xa0 -this is similar to the email I sent to their "inquiries" email that I was given by the customer specialist"I am asking for reimbursement of $86 for travel on bolt bus and greyhound. \xa0I was planning on attending a bridal shower in buffalo and was going to break up my trip by traveling from New york to syracuse on June 3; then Syracuse to Buffalo on June 4, and from Buffalo to New York on June 5. \xa0On June 4, I want to the Regional transportation Center about 4:50 pm to catch the 5 pm bus to buffalo. \xa0There was one megabus there and I asked the driver if he was going to buffalo, He said yes. \xa0Then he checked my ticket (which says Syracuse to Buffalo). \xa0And then my mother also asked if the bus was going to buffalo and he said yes and brushed her off. He loaded my luggage, I got on the bus, I went to sleep, and when I woke around 10pm; I find myself in Philadelphia. \xa0I was unable to confirm with driver where I was because after he took our stuff off he drove off, I\'m not sure if he was in a hurry. \xa0I asked around and I did NOT sleep through Buffalo, other passengers said we went straight to philly. I was going to go into the Amtrak station, but decided to ask the megabus attendant. \xa0He told me that he had no more buses to buffalo, that the greyhound station is about 15 min away by cab, and that my best bet to get to buffalo would be to take a Bolt Bus (one was about to leave) back to new york and go from new york to buffalo. \xa0I figured that would be the best bet as well because I didn\'t know the times for greyhound in Philly and at least I would be in new york. \xa0So I paid $ 15 standby to get on the bolt bus and then I found a bus from new york to buffalo through greyhound at 1235 am for $71. \xa0I would like to be reimbursed the money to take the bolt bus from philly to ny and then my greyhound ticket from new york to buffalo (I have the receipt from greyhound still and well the proof I went from philly to ny are my pictures of philly..amtrak station and drexel university) because it was not my fault that I ended up in philadelphia. I have been calling Megabus Customer service & their customer service specialist and email them . \xa0I feel I keep getting the run around and have to continue contacting them and getting the run around again. \xa0 If anyone has any other way of getting things through with their customer service, please let me know.', 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "I don't know why people hate mega bus! \xa0I used it to commute between Philly and New York for my internship every week for an entire semester, never with any problems, and during rush hour! \xa0I have taken it from Philly to DC for $1.50 (it's true that if you book far enough in advance the tickets are that cheap!) \xa0I find that megabus is always cleaner and less crowded than bolt, and less of a battle when boarding. I would recommend mega to anyone!", 'stars': '5.0'}
{'review': "This company continues to disappoint me every time I'm forced to take them to D.C. because the other, better bus companies are already sold out. \xa0Where do I begin...they switch buses on you to cheaper buses that don't offer internet or plug-ins as promised. \xa0My bus driver two weeks ago from DC didn't know where he was going when he needed to pull off at the MA stop. \xa0So he started calling out to the passengers to help him, before finally pulling over to run off the bus to someone at a gas station to ask for directions.Perhaps the worst thing about Megabus is the horrible parking lot locations they operate as their pick-up/drop off sites. \xa0The lot in NY is a 10-15 minute walk from Penn Station! \xa0The drop off in DC is in a random location that's also a 10-15 minute walk. \xa0This last Friday when I got off the bus in DC, it was raining and my boyfriend was waiting in a car to pick me up. \xa0I walked over to the side of the parking lot he was parked next to only to have a crazy power-tripping security guard pull his SUV in front of me, cutting me off screaming at me that I can't exit the parking lot here. \xa0Again, it was pouring and my ride was 5 feet away from me. \xa0No sign or fence was marking that this ridiculous rule of not being able to exit from a completely open side of a parking lot existed. \xa0He screamed at me that he would have me arrested if I didn't turn around and walk completely all the way back across to the other side of the lot. \xa0What in the world is the purpose of this, he had no clue and couldn't explain. \xa0All he knew was that he hated his job and was going to be an asshole to everyone who just got off a 5 hour bus ride.", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "MEGABUS SUCKS!!!!went to philly via bolt bus (which was awesome) came home (or planned on coming home) on mega bus. The waited an hour and the bus never showed... \xa0could not tell me where the bus was, could not refund my money... all they could do was tell me to wait.... walked across the street and paid 65 bucks for amtrak (train was late too... but atleast they could tell me when it was going to arrive... kinda) the customer service blows & I am in the process of lodging formal complaint... the refund policy is we don't do refunds ... that is BS my man!!!", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "It's inexpensive. Sometimes, it runs on time; other times, it doesn't. The wirless is spotty and slow. However, one cannot expect much for the cost. Be prepared for the bus to run late, and feel happy when it runs on time.", 'stars': '3.0'}
{'review': 'This is a tough review for me to write, because the first leg of my trip was fantastic. Leaving from NYC to DC was flawless, and we made it right on time in a really cool double decker bus. However, the return trip was borderline torturous due to NO AIR CONDITIONING DURING AN 85 DEGREE DAY!!!!!!Below is the letter I wrote to Megabus after this awful experience. I wish I could write a better review, but the lack of AC was almost unbearable. "I\'m writing to express my displeasure towards the Megabus experience I had yesterday. I took a bus from Washington DC to New York departing at 3pm (5/2/2010). It was an extremely hot and humid day in DC, with the temperature soaring well into the 80s. Upon boarding the bus, I experienced the extreme heat inside the vehicle which got worse as I went upstairs to the only available seats. I figured this would be fixed when the bus started to move and the air conditioning was switched on, as the engine was not yet on at this point. However, to my extreme surprise, once we started our journey, no air conditioning came out of the vents. Everyone on the bus was upset by this, and we started getting frustrated. I finally asked the bus driver what was wrong, and why we had no A.C. upstairs. She rudely exclaimed that it was a maintenance issue, and there was nothing that she could do about it. Some of the passengers started to mildly panic, as we were fearful of our own suffocation (it was still extremely hot). We asked the driver if we could open the roof emergency exits for ventilation, but she refused to allow us to do so. We all had to suffer through an extremely hot bus ride, which lasted 5 hours exactly. No attempt to remedy this situation was made, and not once did the bus driver make an announcement on the P.A. or give any type of apology. Fortunately I had enough water to prevent dehydration, but it was extremely unpleasant. I am asking for a refund of this awful experience. I\'ve heard great things about Megabus and was excited to try out the company. Unfortunately, with the events that transpired, this will likely be my last trip with your company unless a financial reparation can be made. "', 'stars': '2.0'}
{'review': "I've taken megabus to go between Boston and New York twice in the past two weekends. For the most part, I think the megabus is great, but both times I've taken it, there has been no wifi available on the NY to Boston trip. Since this is something that they heavily advertise, and has worked perfectly on every single one of my trips from Boston to NY, having wifi available and working on the trip is very important to me.", 'stars': '2.0'}
{'review': "Took Megabus last year after over the Thanksgiving Day weekend to Toronto. \xa0Best deal ever! \xa0$47.50 per person round trip! \xa0$92 bucks total for two people. \xa0Yes, it was along ride - 12 hours each way - but definitely the cheapest way to get to Toronto. \xa0Only one 30 minute meal break where there was only a Subway sandwich shop & an Au Bon Pain so it's a good idea to pack food, sandwiches & snacks. \xa0Another brief stop but not long enough to get out to get food. \xa0Bathroom was decent & clean & everything worked. \xa0Lots of space so we were able to spread out on the top level at the back with all the seats together. \xa0Seating fairly comfortable for me but not my partner. \xa0If we had laptops, dvd players or a netbook, the trip would have been more entertaining plus they have 110 volt outlets and on the level below (it's a double-decker bus) there were seats with tables. \xa0No complaints!", 'stars': '5.0'}
{'review': 'Taking the MegaBus from DC to NewYork and back was probably one of the biggest disasters I\'ve ever experienced.Read this sentence before you decided to take MegaBus:IT TOOK US 8 HOURS TO GET FROM DC TO NEW YORK.It was a 12:15 departure with very minimal traffic, the driver was going literally 40 MPH on the highway and insisted on sitting behind dump trucks in the right lane. \xa0It was clearly an effort to save money on gas, either that or the double deckers are ridiculously heavy. \xa0And it was not just that specific driver. \xa03/4 of the way through, we stopped at a rest area for 20 minutes to "switch drivers", and they didn\'t even let us off the bus!!! \xa0The next driver was just as slow.While getting in line to board the return bus, we were informed that people had "snuck" onto the bus, which resulted in there not being enough seats for 10-20 people who had made reservations. \xa0We ended up waiting at least an additional hour before the next bus was able to leave. \xa0It was not a double decker so we made it back home in reasonable time.', 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': 'If it were possible to give negative stars, this would get -5. \xa0I have NEVER had such poor service! \xa0First of all, the bus was over 45 minutes late. \xa0(And it was raining, which, ok, they have no control over, but 45 minutes standing and waiting in the rain sucks!) \xa0And then they keep saying, "The bus is just a few minutes away. \xa0But we don\'t know which bus is coming--it could be the one for DC, it could be the one for Boston. \xa0We have no contact with the bus, and don\'t know when it\'s really coming." \xa0Then, when it was finally time to get on the bus, the people were SO RUDE. \xa0And when I expressed how upset I was about how much it sucked to wait 1 hour for a bus in the rain, they said, "IF YOU DON\'T LIKE IT YOU CAN TAKE ANOTHER BUS." \xa0Well, next time I will! \xa0Finally, sat down in my seat, ready to go and put the whole miserable experience behind me, and I lean the chair back to relax and the woman behind me SCREAMS "Owwww~! \xa0I have long legs and you can\'t put the seat back" \xa0SERiously?!?!! \xa0Small seats. \xa0No room! \xa0So done. \xa0Take another bus! \xa0(oooh, and the kicker-- for a last minute ticket, they charged me $25, but there are no signs anywhere, including on their website, so I have absolutely no idea if that is the actual price (which is $10 more than Chinatown service of $15, which is 60% more expensive)--but I don\'t know what the real price is because it isn\'t printed anywhere!) \xa0So more money for worse service, no no no, take another bus!', 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "Worst pathetic excuse for a bus company Ever. I've traveled in Bolivian rickshaws that were better run. NY departure area looked like a scene from a post apocalyptic disaster movie. \xa0Complete chaos and lack of organization. I humbly suggest this company be renamed as mega-useless. Will NEVER, EVER travel with this company ever again.", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "I will never....EVER ride on a Megabus again and here's why. \xa0I arrived 2 hrs early for my 4:10pm trip because I wanted to be able to choose a seat close to the restrooms (okay, I realize now that this is impossible and a very stupid idea, kept thinking I was dealing with another busline) and I was willing to stand in the cold to do this. \xa0The coordinator for the bus line ended up creating more chaos by shuffling the line several times....meaning.... he took a line of about 25 people and moved it to a line he organized on the other side of the block, which meant, even though I had arrived 2 hours early for my 4:10pm, I ended up at the end of the line. Then he moved the line again, to the right, creating more chaos and causing a certain amount of anarchy. I couldn't figure out why he was doing this and what method of organization he had. It didn't even make sense, it was if he just needed to keep moving people around like cattle. I approached him and told him that what he was doing was creating chaos and that people that arrived early, are now at the back of the line and that it's unfair to those of us that arrived early. He then told me that I could get in front of these people (a line he formed at the other end of the block) and he did it in such a way as to antagonize an already stressful situation with everyone. I told him I didn't want to cut in front of a line he had already formed and he told me to call customer service because he is not customer service. What was even more ridiculous to me, was that all of us had some sort of honor system going on before he showed up. I feel like he antagonized a peaceful group of people and complaints in the line were that this is something that has happens all the time. I paid $40.00 dollars for my round trip ticket and have no problem using any other bus line. I did call customer service a few days later to report a stolen IPOD (I have had missing items returned to me, so I still believe) I waited 40 minutes for someone to answer and she immediately told me that they had no electronics. I told her I lost it in Boston, she basically told me that if someone found it, even a crew member, they were probably keeping it. I guess she was just keeping it real with me.", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': 'Pros: \xa0(1) Often cheap, maybe even very cheap. \xa0But this depends on how far in advance you book your ticket. \xa0(2) Inside of the bus is pretty clean. \xa0(3) Wifi, but spotty and weak.Cons: \xa0(1) No official terminals or bus stops. \xa0Therefore, you wait outside wherever they\'ve established a place to queue up. \xa0Rain, snow, freezing cold, whatever, you\'re waiting outside. \xa0(2) Invariably late, sometimes as much as an hour and a half late. \xa0This becomes even more annoying because you\'re waiting outdoors, freezing or getting soaked. \xa0(3) \xa0Despite their promise to inform you regarding lateness, they don\'t actually do it. \xa0While we were waiting for the bus in Syracuse, somebody was finally able to get through by phone and asked the rep why nobody had contacted her regarding the lateness of the bus. \xa0The rep\'s response: \xa0\'Blame me." \xa0Wow, is that helpful, or what? \xa0(4) Not enough leg room between seats. \xa0(5) The lower level of the double-decker bus has no overhead compartment, so if you don\'t want to check your pack, for instance, it will end up on your lap. \xa0Don\'t know about the upper level of the bus.Based on the reporting of other people, it\'s clear that the bus from Toronto, which goes through Buffalo and Syracuse, is ALWAYS late because they\'re ALWAYS stopped at customs on the way down. \xa0It would be nice if Megabus adjusted its schedule to reflect this, but they\'d rather have the Buffalo and Syracuse passengers standing in the cold for an extra hour or two instead. \xa0This is the opposite of customer service.Bottom line: \xa0unless you are absolutely penniless AND have made your reservation far in advance AND have a good pair of long underwear and waterproof boots, Megabus is not worth the tires they travel on.Never again.', 'stars': '2.0'}
{'review': 'My boyfriend and I were MegaBus virgins; our adventure was roundtrip NYC to Boston, July 7-10, 2008. \xa0I could give a five star rating but for our wheelchair lift horror show. \xa0Making a reservation for a bus with a lift (I use a wheelchair) wasn\'t an issue - implementation was a nightmare.The apologetic, kind, otherwise competent MegaBus employees had barely an idea as to how to work the lifts on either bus. \xa0The lack of knowledge was exacerbated by the fact that both lifts were screwed up: The automatic lifting mechanism on the bus out of NYC was inoperable; it had to be manually jacked. \xa0Also, there was confusion as to how to get the lift moving/properly stowed, get the door closed, etc. \xa0We left 45 minutes late because of this. \xa0To the driver\'s credit & because we hit no traffic, we got to Boston only 15 minutes late.The return trip was, essentially, a repeat performance with minor variations: I got on the bus with no problems, but then they (the driver and a couple of other employees) couldn\'t get the lift stowed nor the door closed - it was off the track! \xa0They said they\'d tested the lift before the bus was sent out, but.... \xa0Another 45 minutes later, we were on our way. \xa0The debacle added an hour to our trip this time. \xa0My boyfriend asked the return driver whether this was the same bus we\'d taken three days earlier; he clued us in that, you know, there are only two buses in the fleet that have lifts. \xa0Hmm.Our experience falls under the adage, "You get what you pay for" - we paid $31.00 total - we would have paid $118.00 a person via Amtrak. On one hand, if I hadn\'t needed the lift we\'d have left & arrived in a timely manner & been more than pleased overall - great price, reasonable accomodations, courteous, competent employees. \xa0Since I did need the lift, however, our trip (and the trips of everyone on the buses) was less than ideal. \xa0I\'m splitting the difference and awarding three stars. \xa0If you do need the wheelchair lift, book at your own risk and be prepared to add an hour to your trip. \xa0MegaBus is doing its employees (at least the ones who deal with the public) a disservice by failing to properly train them in dealing with the wheelchair lifts on their buses. \xa0Perhaps this review will change something....', 'stars': '3.0'}
{'review': "Okay so I gave it the weekend to mull it over so I didn't tear apart Megabus but the fact is I'm still a pissed off customer. So I always take Bolt Bus (which I love) but I decided too late in the week to buy my ticket and they were all sold out. I figured I'd give Megabus a whirl (and on the plus side it was a few bucks cheaper). I've heard the lines are outrageous so for my 6:40pm bus to Philly I made sure I was there by 6:10pm. I was one of the first in line and being that I was there 30min early by the time it was 6:40 I was sooo ready to get on the bus. Unfortunately the bus didn't arrive until 7:30ish. It was cold and everyone in line was irritated (to say the least). Now I understand there could be traffic and what have you.. but for that much of a time difference shouldn't the passengers get any compensation in return? The workers there were friendly and helpful AND were also annoyed at the fact that the bus was so late (so does this mean it happens on a rare occurrence and I just happen to be lucky enough to experience it, who knows?). I've never experienced this with Bolt Bus which is why I just don't understand. And another thing... The bus driver stopped on the way... pulled off the side of the highway... to take a piss. Really?! I understand when you gotta go, you gotta go.. but seriously? Oh well, at least I made it there all in one piece! Needless to say I took Bolt Bus home and I hope I never have to ride Megabus again. And if I do.. I hope that I don't have to wait out in the cold for over an hour.", 'stars': '2.0'}
{'review': 'bus came an hour late, there was only one guy working the stop for about 15 bus arrivals. \xa0much love to that dude who dealt with hundreds of annoyed customers. \xa0het let us know that megabus gave him no possible way to communicate with corporate, or the bus drivers. \xa0it was a freaking messonce it arrived, no problems', 'stars': '2.0'}
{'review': "DO NOT TAKE Megabus. I bought a 5:40pm ticket from NYC to Philly, but didn't leave until 7:30PM. Employees had no explanations, though in all fairness, they made abundantly clear that they didn't care. Departure from Philly was also delayed by at least 30 minutes. I also wish I could give this company zero stars.", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "Can't beat it, cheap fares, buses are new and conditioned and its a double decker!!! c'mon now. \xa0This beats the \xa0sh!t out of greyhound. \xa0 Best thing ever. \xa0 The only complaint I have is that on the way back from NYC to DC the bus' luggage department door was stuck so another bus had to serve us, other than that, get over it. \xa0Best bus ever.", 'stars': '4.0'}
{'review': "This review is based on NYC Penn Station to Philadelphia,PA. First timer for megabus. My friends and I did a spontaneous trip for a few days to Philly. We got tickets $20 bucks from across the street(31st and 8th ave.) \xa0We knew about the online advance purchase but that's only good if you know exactly what time you want to leave. We approximated a time and then showed up at another time (girls I tell ya, oh well.) So we didn't get that $1 trip but it was still cheap. The bus was nice and clean, the bathroom was clean too. The bus driver was a nice middle-aged woman. She was very helpful, safe and polite. We had the pleasure of having her roundtrip! Only complaint was the power outlets were not working. We got there on time to Philly and back to NYC to make it on a flight back home to Miami. It was a cool experience for a first time, I was not disappointed. I would definitely use this service again when I'm back in the area. Check out their website they go to a few good places.", 'stars': '4.0'}
{'review': "First time taking the bus. \xa0$7 to Ny from Boston, $12 NY to Boston.Coming down, no problems. \xa0New, clean bus, Boston terminal well marked for all buses, not full, good time. \xa0Not sure if the $1 fare is a bait and switch, but every bus company seems to be doing this now. \xa0No movies either way, 4 hour ride was expected as you can only go as fast as legally posted.My big problem was the SNAFU at, rather behind Penn Station. \xa0Lots of buses, lots of lines, no signs anywhere. \xa0I asked 2 busdrivers and another worker for my bus, they either had no clue, \xa0led me to the incorrect line or just stared at me like a deer in headlights.Because I was last one on the bus, my seat was right next to the bathroom. \xa04 hours of nausiating odors.Great from Boston to NY, but better ask everyone you see for correct line at Penn Station. \xa0Don't understand why they cannot get their act together, signs can't be that expensive to purchase.", 'stars': '3.0'}
{'review': "My experience with Megabus was terrible! \xa0The bus before mine left 15 minutes late and my bus didn't even arrive until 20 minutes after we were supposed to depart. \xa0Then there was a problem with the tires which we weren't told until we had been sitting on the bus for a half hour wondering why we were still parked. \xa0Another bus arrived eventually and we were herded onto the other bus all the while being yelled at by the bus staff as if it was our fault the bus was late. \xa0All together we left 1:05 hours late.Once on the bus I come to find that the WiFi doesn't work and there is only one outlet for every 2 seats which is overhead. \xa0I didn't plug in my computer because the wifi didn't work but I'm not sure my Mac plug would have stayed in or if it would have fallen and hit me in the head. \xa0Stupid.The ride wasn't even comfortable. \xa0The driver would stop and then accelerate quickly and every bump in the road would shake the whole bus. \xa0Check the shocks!Save yourself the trouble and just use Bolt Bus. \xa0They are so much better... in fact, I am writing this review from the comfort of a Bolt Bus because I changed my return ticket.", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "Megabus overbooks its buses. \xa0You have no idea if your reservation will be honored. \xa0Today they let me on the bus in NY, and I walked around only to find that there were no seats. \xa0I had to wait 2 hours to catch the next bus, and even then they didn't want to let me on because I didn't have the right ticket. \xa0 Poorly run. \xa0from now on, i'm taking bolt or the amtrak", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "i like megabus equally the same as bolt. their buses seem to always be delayed (especially during the holiday season), but bolt has the same problem. i know it's really out of their control since traffic is usually the culprit. but compared to bolt, the seats are much more comfortable on mega. the wifi did not work for me the entire bus ride, but i guess that gave me time to do other things like sleep or read. but after hearing about the bus that tipped over in buffalo, i'm a bit weary about taking this line ever again. theoretically, buses that tall really shouldn't be driving over 60 miles on highways because they are bound to tip over...", 'stars': '4.0'}
{'review': 'megabus is cheap! dats the best part! the driviers are mean and helpful depends on their mood! the heat does not work all the time.. it worked twice and didnt work twice in my experience so its good to carry a blanket! waiting for a bus transfer at washington dc union station SUCKS! its cold and they take forever! the luggage policy sucks but still they let u take it! my trip was for $30 for two bus! not bad casuse i booked it a day before leaving! i would say its a okay bus but cheap with a wifi and charger power! i would say they should improve their waiting area! its horrible in the cold!', 'stars': '3.0'}
{'review': "Worst experience I have ever had. The people directing you to the bus are extremely rude and yelling at people to not get on the bus, even though someone else just said to get on. The chairs recline fully but everytime the bus makes a stop or one of their drastic movements you fly forward. Speaking of drastic movements, both bus drivers thought it would be fun to step on the gas and then slam on the brakes over and over. My back actually hurts from all of this nonsense. Are you wondering why we had 2 bus drivers? That's because the bus driver stopped when we were close to Philly to switch with another driver who had no idea that he was actually supposed to be driving so we sat there for them to duke it out for a few minutes, then 10 minutes later actually got back on the road with the new driver. The bus came 15 minutes late, we had absolutely no traffic but arrived an hour late anyway, meaning that they are misleading on their website when they say it takes 2 hours and it really takes 3. Several people missed their connecting trains that they had planned on due to the 1 hour delay. It's safe to say I will never consider or use Megabus again and no one else should either. It would be a blessing if they stopped Megabus all together.", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "I'm actually on the bus now, and it gets kudos for being clean. Megabus however does not get any points for organization, customer service or timeliness. Today I hopped on the megabus to DC, and found that all of the busses were late, and that the employees of the company were extremely rude and unhelpful. At one point they attempted to charge me $100 for additional baggage, even though the baggage disclaimer on the reservation says that operators reserve the right to refuse baggage over the one per person limit if there is not enough room to accomodate it. Eventually I was able to get my bags onto the bus by asking a few passangers who had no bags to help me out. \xa0They still charged me an addtional $5 for getting onto an earlier bus (which was late). \xa0A shoving match broke out between a megabus employee and a woman frustrated because she had already waited well past the appointed time to get on the bus. Somewhere in central Jersey the bus stopped at a rest stop not to let anyone out, but to change drivers. None of us objeçted to this, as the old driver seemed less than competent behind the wheel, but really? \xa0I don't know how I'm getting back to New York, but you can be sure it won't be on megabus.", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "I definitely prefer Bolt. It's just that they sell out sometimes. I understand midtown is hell during rush hour and holidays, but come on. The Megabus people are on the whole, eons ruder than the Bolt people. Megabus lines bring a new meaning to the word 'disorganization.' Once I was present the prescribed 15 minutes before departure time, and still was jostled into confusion, then was yelled at by an agent saying I would not get on any Megabus while he was working. I called the customer service number, and a nice agent from Atlanta picked up, and explained that as a customer, even if I missed my bus because of my fault, their policy says that I should be able to get on a later bus without extra payment. So I'm willing to think this one incident may be isolated. I have taken Megabus a few other times without incident (although from my hometown TO NYC). Generally, as since these low cost buses will never run out of business, you have to view them as an unavoidable hard experience.", 'stars': '2.0'}
{'review': 'MegaBus.... MegaBus... it\'s a love hate thing.... Where else can I book a bus trip that\'s only $24 roundtrip from Boston to New York? The bus ride to New York was good, the only complaints being that the bus picked us up a half hour later than planned and we stopped in Hartford to let off one person. The bus ride back from Boston to New York was a little less enjoyable... my roomie and I were a little bit behind people getting on the bus so we were left with only one option on where to sit together... the back of the bus.... near the bathroom. Now, being a little kid at heart, I bounded to the back while cheering, "YEAH! BACK! OF! THE! BUS!"... because everyone knows that\'s where the cool kids sit. As soon as we sat down I noticed it smelled like a porta potty. But that\'s what we get for sitting right next to the toilet... who says it\'s easy being cool? About an hour after leaving New York my roommate jabbed me and asked if I could hear the people behind us making out. I took off my headphones and listened... yep... definitely hardcore kissing. Only minutes later and the kissing had escalated to the rustling of clothing and the sound of spanking. Being two years old, my roomie and I were laughing hysterically. Once the two lovebugs got off in Hartford, things were quiet until the man across from us decided to blast his ipod so loudly that the whole back half of the bus could be serenaded by his Italian opera music. The whole experience was hilarious... and not all of it Mega Bus\' fault... just the people that took it... I wonder what that says about my roomie and I..', 'stars': '3.0'}
{'review': "Previously I had only taken Eastern travel which was kinda sketch. So I was excited by the prospect of a clean spacious wi-fi equipped bus. That's exactly what I got on the way there. The only problem was that they didn't have over head storage but that was fine because the bus was empty. If it was crowded I would have needed to store it below. \xa0On the way back the bus was late and so they sort of forced us to ride their partner Eastern travels bus. I suspect that was because it was empty. As soon as we boarded the Megabus shows up. Now If I needed wi-fi that would have been a problem but it wasn't since I just went to sleep and we arrive in 3.5 hours. I reallly didn't like being switched to Eastern Travel because their busses are smaller and that's not what I signed up for. Eastern Travel also doesn't drop off in the same location so luckily my cell was holding a charge so I could tell my ride to come down the street.", 'stars': '3.0'}
{'review': "I took the megabus this past weekend from NYC to DC. It was my first bus trip down so I didn't expect anything so I couldn't be disappointed. Bus left from 31st and 8th ave. I got there at 8:45 for a 9:00 AM departure. Bus wasn't there yet but the lines were. Once the bus got there everyone filed very quickly and there was absolutely NO confusion. No need for a ticket you just show them ur conf #. I was one of the last on the bus so wasn't able to get seats next to my traveling companions. The bus is Double Decker and I sat top deck both ways. Seats are pretty comfy and they recline pretty far down. Downside is I couldn't recline on the way to DC most of the time because the guy behind me was HUGE and I literally couldn't recline more than an inch without hitting his knees. On the way back to the city my seat recliner button was closed and wouldn't recline. The outlets were also not working for me so I was unable to charge my phone. All in all it was $17 each way which is better than a train ticket. The buses left right on time from both locations and I will definitely be taking Mega Bus to Boston and Toronto at some point.", 'stars': '3.0'}
{'review': 'prompt and orderly checkin process. \xa0minus one star because for a second there i didnt think i was getting on because of the massive crowd.', 'stars': '4.0'}
{'review': 'This was my first time on Megabus going to Philadelphia for a day and I was pleasantly surprised. I read quite a few ratings on Yelp and read some comments on Twitter and they were mixed, for the most part. Some people loved it and some people absolutely hated it. I also read some reviews on the Bolt Bus and they were generally good. Nevertheless, I decided to throw caution to the wind and try Megabus. My trip was only two hours, how much could possibly go wrong in that relatively short period of time? So we arrived a little bit more than an hour before the scheduled departure time, asked around a bit and promptly found the line for those headed in our direction. We left at our scheduled time and had a smooth ride all the way; no hiccups, no noticeable traffic, no crazy passengers making the ride unbearable. As an added bonus, the driver made an unexpected stop in an area that was closer to our final destination and allowed passengers without luggage to get off. The wifi was as good as you could expect public wifi to be so I have no complaints there. The AC was a intense but sitting in a window seat will make it more tolerable than sitting in the aisle. \xa0All in all, it was a good trip for good money.', 'stars': '4.0'}
{'review': "Took megabus two days before Christmas. \xa0Due to the fact that they don't have a covered waiting space and that it was extremely cold out, having waited 2 hours outside for a bus to boston was absolutely torture. \xa0Bus bathroom was horribly dirty with no sanitizer and the driver wouldn't stop for a bathroom break.", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "My son & I took the megabus from NYC-Boston Sunday morning of Thanksgiving weekend. \xa0It was great: \xa0as comfortable as possible in such a conveyance, the view from the upper deck was great, and, most important, the driver was very good: \xa0no swerving, sudden braking or acceleration, even in heavy traffic. \xa0I have driven this route (too) many times, and have observed many of the other buses careening all over the highway. \xa0We got in on time, tho we weren't expecting that on a holiday weekend, and, more to the point, we were unscathed.", 'stars': '5.0'}
{'review': 'somehow made the mistake to take megabus from NYC to DC this past weekend. \xa0its friday and i have a 4:30 reservation (to beat the crowds i told myself). \xa0The megabus departure is a parking lot on the west side (so if it is raining then you are totally out of luck). \xa0massive lines waiting in the parking lot. \xa0i am told that the 3:30 and 4 pm busses have not arrived yet (!!! wtf ?). \xa0an hour + 30 min later the bus arrives , rush to get in. \xa0driver stops in jersey to change drivers , another 15 -20 min wasted. \xa0Got in DC at 11:30 pm. \xa0Arrival of arrival in NYC parking lot for departure? \xa04 pm. \xa0arival time in dc? - 11:30 pm. \xa0never again.....', 'stars': '2.0'}
{'review': 'The bus from NY to Philly was fine - clean, comfortable and on time. \xa0Coming back to NY the following day was a bit of a problem because there was a SEPTA strike in Philly and the traffic was terrible. \xa0It took an extra hour, but the bus drives was wonderful. \xa0The only complaint that I have is that there is no signage in Philly near the train station and it was just luck that most of us made it.', 'stars': '4.0'}
{'review': 'I had a good experience with Megabus. \xa0I took a day trip to NYC from Baltimore. \xa0The 6:25 am pick up was about 10 minutes late, but we arrived in NYC on schedule. \xa0The bathroom was very clean. \xa0The bus back to Baltimore arrived 15 minutes early. \xa0There were 2 of us traveling together and we were able to sit together on both trips. \xa0Just make sure to arrive 30 minutes before departure.', 'stars': '4.0'}
{'review': "i was a little scared after reading all the negative reviews here but I had a pretty positive experience. Left for boston from nyc on thursday night. sure the bus left 21 minutes late at 6:51 but it was hardly full and i was able to have a whole two seats to myself. the wifi worked surprisingly well and we got to boston at 11pm which was ahead of time. On the way back however, we left in a blizzard out of boston and our bus left about 30 minutes behind schedule and I guess because there weren't a lot of people they combined the 2:30 and 3:30 buses. I had a SUPER cramped seat (i don't know what i'd do if i were super tall), as the pains of DVT started kicking in. Anyway, since we left in a blizzard we had to get off the road a couple times to scrape the ice off the windshield and headlights. then we made a stop somewhere in CT to swtich drivers, THEN, we made another stop at Hartford convention center to switch to another driver. I think in the first instance the driver was scared. I got back to nyc around 10pm, which was about 2 hours later than my 8pm scheduled arrival. All in all, it was an insane deal at $6 a trip - $12.50 total with the .50 reservation fee. I think next time i will try the boltbus to compare, but so far, i think it's pretty good.", 'stars': '3.0'}
{'review': "I have taken megabus for the past 2 years from NYC to DC. \xa0I have always been pretty calm and accepted the fact that there will be screaming babies, loud people talking, food smelling, bathroom doors swinging open and late busses. \xa0The final straw has been drawn tonight when I worked late and missed my 6:30 bus. \xa0Understanding that I was late and must wait on the stand by line in order for me to get a seat on the next available bus I did so, as patiently as I can. \xa0After being told we would all be on the 9pm bus that was going to arrive on time I was happy that things were appearing to look good. \xa0As person number 4 on the stand by line I knew that I should make this bus until the worker who asked all people who have not purchased tickets to go to him and all people who have tickets wait on line. \xa0So me and a few others waited online wondering, what is going on here? \xa0After those had no tickets purchased tickets boarded the bus, they pulled the one woman who did cut me in line to take the last seat. \xa0As the worker told us that there is a bus around the corner I decided to confront another worker asking why did people without tickets and behind me in stand by line get to board the bus before me. \xa0As if I am not an adult he tells me that he runs his shift so that people who miss their scheduled bus get the last chance, because people with tickets have a scheduled time to be somewhere and the people with no tickets don't. \xa0I told him that does not make sense as I am already a customer and those people are not. \xa0It is 9:20pm now (I have been outside on standby for 2 hours), I ask the other worker if the bus is around the corner and he said the next bus is at 11pm. \xa0I have never experienced such poor customer service. \xa0As a former customer of Megabus who understood you get what you pay for, will now never stoop so low as to support the workers of this company.", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "I often take buses from New York to Boston or DC. I've taken the bolt bus several times, but this was my first experience on the Mega Bus. I will never take it again. They provide an incorrect pick up location on both their tickets and \xa0their phone service. I'm not sure how anyone actually finds it. \xa0After waiting for 15 minutes near Penn station we finally asked someone who said it was actually a block away. We arrived to find mad chaos. Apparently they were running behind, ok fine, but the workers were completely unprofessional and provided no information. They didn't know when the bus was coming, they didn't know what line was what and whenever someone asked a question they replied with, I don't know, just get up against the wall and wait. The bus finally left over an hour late. Then, on the way back, the bus left 20 minutes early, luckily we were on it. A girl sitting behind us saving a seat for her friend \xa0wasn't so lucky. The bus driver asked her to move her bag and she said he friend was coming and that her friend had a ticket for the 2:00 bus and it's only 1:40. The bus \xa0driver said, no saving seats, let some other guy sit there and then the bus left. The poor girl got left behind. After the whole experience we emailed Mega Bus to let them know and got a generic response. Never use Mega Bus.", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "The worst. 5 hours without aircon from dc to ny last night (915 trip, June 28 2008). Yes there's wifi. But aircon is way important than that. it was so hot and uncomfortable. should've just gotten on a random chinatown bus. i thought the coach brand would mean something. but never ever again.", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "Buyer Beware ~ we bought tickets for my son and a friend to go to NYC from Albany for the day. \xa0It was February and the skies were blue and clear and there was no precipitation on the northeast coast at all. \xa0The Megabus never showed up. \xa0They left dozens of people stranded...many of them were dropped off and left there. \xa0It was about 15 degrees outside, and they stood outside for hours waiting for that bus. \xa0Many attempted to call the phone number listed at the site to get some information...but if you've experienced calling Megabus before, you'll know that you are on hold for hours and it is rare that you ever get to talk to anyone. \xa0One gentleman had a plane in NYC to catch, and his cell phone battery died from being on hold so long to find out if a Megabus was EVER coming. \xa0We were very disappointed and will never ever attempt that again. \xa0I tried to call to get a refund, and was on hold for an entire HOUR. \xa0I wrote an e-mail and a week later, I was shocked and pleasantly surprised to receive a response saying they were issuing me a refund. \xa0No explanation...no apology...just a refund. \xa0I guess that's good enough. \xa0Bye-bye Megabus.", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "Absolutely one of the WORST experiences of my life.Of all the bus companies running from Boston to New York, I have never experienced such poor service, even from the Chinatown buses. The Megabus staff was rude and completely helpful. They have absolutely no answer to any of their client's customers and they are utterly inefficient. I booked a ticket for their 10:15 am bus. The staff boarded us onto a bus, then told us that the bus we just boarded would not be the one to take us to Boston. We had to wait over an hour and a half for another bus to arrive and we had to switch buses before we finally left. While we were waiting, the staff lied to us multiple times, claiming that the bus would arrive in half an hour or less. The bus driver essentially kept us hostage in the bus and told me that I wasn't allowed to leave. I asked the staff some questions and they completely ignored me! They said that they had no idea what was going on, and when I asked if there was someone who had some answers, they said no! There is absolutely no system of accountability!The worst part is that when another of the company's buses showed up at 11:30 am, the staff began to board people who had tickets for the later bus. They kept the people with tickets for the 10:15 am bus waiting for over an hour and had the audacity to make us wait even longer when another one of their buses heading to Boston finally arrived! It made absolutely no sense! Never had such a horrendous experience. I have traveled on buses in Third World countries that were much better! DON'T travel by Megabus. All of my friends have complained about how horrible it is. Bolt Bus is far superior and if that is booked, take one of the Chinatown buses. At least they are never late! Can't believe I waited over an hour and a half! And customers with tickets \xa0for a later bus were put on one before me!", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "Why did you decide to partner up with Eastern Travel (China bus)??? The rudest, shoviest, latest, WORST people in the planet are selcted from all over chinatown to make up the staff of Eastern Travel. My bus was only 1/2 hour late to start. The bus first parked at an MTA bustop and was met by a cop saying of course he couldnt stop there. When we asked the driver where the bus was headed he said, 'I ain't takin anyone nowhere'. Very helpful. When we were finally allowed on the bus, everybody started shoving the crap out of each other since the dispatchers didnt seem to care if anyone maintained a line. I saw a little kid nearly get trampled. They let several Chinese people on who shoved ahead and didnt have tickets before I got to the front. Than they tried to tell me my ticket was no good and to call customer service. It wasn't until I got nearly violently angry with them did they let me and my girlfriend on. It was 8 by now. Finally we head out... but not to Baltimore! The driver decided to drive the already full bus up to 31 st. china town and sit there for another half an hour. The bus that was supposed to arrive in Baltimore at 10:30, got in at 12:20 and there was almost no traffic outside of Manhattan. Then, at that time of night, they drop us off in CHERRY HILL at the light rail station. The absolute worst most violent homicidal part of Baltimore, and they drop us literally in the middle of the night. I HATE CHINA BUS AND MEGABUS for deciding to partner with them. I hope the company goes right into the ground. GO MVP BUS!", 'stars': '1.0'}
{'review': "love it!! \xa0Just got off the megabus (first trip with megabus) from NY to Boston. \xa05 stars because of the price and because the buses were newer and cleaner than the other buses and they had wi-fi. \xa0Bus left NY and Boston right on time. \xa0Arrived in Boston about 15-20 minutes late, but given the traffic in NY b/c I left on Friday evening, I expected that. \xa0Was exactly what I wanted - uneventful trip, had wi-fi, the bus driver didn't talk, and I like it that we went straight to Boston w/out stopping. \xa0On the way back I even took an earlier bus than I was scheduled for and they said that it would usually cost $5 but they let me go because the bus was empty so I was very happy about that. \xa0And $1 tickets do exist, but you have to book early. \xa0Of course there aren't going to be a lot of $1 seats available, esp. if you book within 1 month of the travel date, but they are there. \xa0Regardless though, there are $5, $7 or more tickets which are still way reasonable. \xa0megabus is the way to go, I just hope they can keep the low prices going for a while.", 'stars': '5.0'}
